judg from previou post thi use to be a good place , but not ani longer . 
We , there were four of u , arriv at noon - the place wa empti - and the staff act like we were impos on them and they were veri rude . 
they never brought u complimentari noodl , ignor repeat request for sugar , and threw our dish on the tabl . 
the food wa lousi - too sweet or too salti and the portion tini . 
after all that , they complain to me about the small tip . 
avoid thi place ! 
I have eaten at saul , mani time , the food is alway consist , outrag good . 
saul is the best restaur on smith street and in brooklyn . 
the duck confit is alway amaz and the foie gra terrin with fig wa out of thi world . 
the wine list is interest and ha mani good valu . 
for the price , you can not eat thi well in manhattan . 
I wa veri disappoint with thi restaur . 
ive ask a cart attend for a lotu leaf wrap rice and she repli back rice and just walk away . 
I had to ask her three time befor she final came back with the dish ive request . 
food wa okay , noth great . 
chow fun wa dri ; pork shu mai wa more than usual greasi and had to share a tabl with loud and rude famili . 
i/w will never go back to thi place again . 
went on a 3 day oyster bing , with fish bring up the close , and I am so glad thi wa the place it O trip end , becaus it wa so great ! 
servic wa devin , oyster where a sensual a they come , and the price ca n't be beat !!! 
you ca n't go wrong here . 
everi time in new york I make it a point to visit restaur saul on smith street . 
everyth is alway cook to perfect , the servic is excel , the decor cool and underst . 
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it wa incred . 
Ca n't wait wait for my next visit . 
I had my eye on thi place , promis myself I will one day ` give it a tri . ' 
and I hate to say thi but I doubt I 'll ever go back . 
the food is veri averag ... the thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet , everi thing they serv is too sweet here . 
the onli thing I moder enjoy wa their grill chicken special with edamam pure . 
I had never had edamam pure befor but I thought it wa innov and tasti -lrb- could 've use a bit more salt -rrb- . 
anyway , if you 're in the neighborhood to eat good food , I would n't wast my time tri to find someth , rather go across the street to tamari . 
the decor is night tho ... but they realli need to clean that vent in the ceil ... it quit un-appet , and kill your effort to make thi place look sleek and modern . 
We ate outsid at haru 's sake bar becaus haru 's restaur next door wa overflow . 
what 's the differ between the two ? 
their sake list wa extens , but we were look for purpl haze , which wa n't list but made for u upon request ! 
the spici tuna roll wa unusu good and the rock shrimp tempura wa awesom , great appet to share ! 
We went around 9:30 on a friday and it had die down a bit by then so the servic wa great ! 
we love th pink poni . 
the perfect spot . 
food-awesom . 
servic - friendli and attent . 
ambianc - relax and stylish . 
Do n't judg thi place prima faci , you have to tri it to believ it , a home away from home for the liter heart . 
i have eaten here a hand of time , for no reason besid sheer conveni . 
-lrb- i hang out , and live , in the neighborhood . -rrb- 
the food is decent . 
howev , it 's the servic that leaf a bad tast in my mouth . 
i happen to have a polici that go along with a littl bit of self-respect , which includ not let a waiter intimid me , i.e. make me feel bad ask for trivial like water , or the check . 
i know , you were too busi show off your vintag tee shirt and look bore , but my agenda is i 'm here to eat and enjoy the compani of friend , seek a pleasant experi . 
well , i did n't find it there , and trust , i have told everyon i can think of about my experi . 
the last time i walk by it look pretti empti , hmmm . 
thi place ha got to be the best japanes restaur in the new york area . 
I had a great experi . 
food is great . 
servic is top notch . 
I have been go back again and again . 
I tend to judg a sushi restaur by it sea urchin , which wa heavenli at sushi rose . 
It melt in my littl mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishi , creami , and slightli butteri . 
the sushi seem pretti fresh and wa adequ proport . 
the rice to fish ration wa also good -- they did n't tri to overpack the rice . 
We took advanatag of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it wa well worth it . 
I went to thi restaur with a woman that I met recent . 
she life nearbi but had never gone to thi establish think that it might be too touristi . 
surprisingli noth could be further from the truth . 
In the even , thi place attract a well dress , with it , NY crowd . 
the food wa well prepar and the servic impec . 
I 'm go back . 
have hunt around for a quiet , romant , yet not hideous expens restaur I stumbl across review for La lanterna and gave it a shot . 
quit simpli it 's like step out of manhattan and into a haven of tranquil . 
the servic wa attent , yet unimpos , the food wa far better than mani notori restaur in midtown and the wine list is extens and well price . 
the prix fix menu is worth everi penni and you get more than enough -lrb- both in quantiti and qualiti -rrb- . 
I will be go back and heartili recommend it ! 
I 've had the lunch buffet at chennai a coupl of time , when I have been in the neighborhood . 
It is terrif , a is the valu . 
$ 6 and there is much tasti food , all of it fresh and continu refil . 
I am not a vegetarian but , almost all the dish were great . 
frankli , when you compar what you can have here for lunch , versu mcd or so mani other sandwich shop in the citi , there is no comparison . 
Go hungri and enjoy . 
the food here is rather good , but onli if you like to wait for it . 
I like the somosa , chai , and the chole , but the dhosa and dhal were kinda dissapoint . 
the servic vari from day to day - sometim they 're veri nice , and sometim not . 
the kitchen howev , is almost alway slow . 
also , specifi if you like your food spici - it rather bland if you do n't . 
the ambienc is pretti and nice for convers , so a casual lunch here would probabl be best . 
just went here for my girlfriend 23rd bday . 
If you 've ever been along the river in weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart hous ha to offer . 
add to that great servic and great food at a reason price and you have yourself the begin of a great even . 
the lava cake dessert wa incred and I recommend it . 
onc you step into cosett , you 're miracul in a small , off-the-beaten path parisian bistro . 
thi tini restaur is a cozi a it get , with that certain parisian flair . 
the food wa averag to above-averag ; the french onion soup fill yet not overli impress , and the dessert not brilliant in ani way . 
howev , go for the ambienc , and consid the food just a companion for a trip across the world ! 
I have never eaten in the restaur , howev , upon read the review I got take out last week . 
IT wa horribl . 
the pizza wa deliv cold and the chees wa n't even fulli melt ! 
It look like shred chees partli done - still in strip . 
I have eaten at mani pizza place around nyc and thi is hand down the worst . 
thi ha got to be one of the most overr restaur in brooklyn . 
the pizza is overpr and soggi . 
ye , they use fanci ingredi , but even fanci ingredi do n't make for good pizza unless someon know how to get the crust right . 
A big disappoint , all around . 
I think I 've had some the best meal of my life at minnow . 
the seafood is amaz , there 's a good wine list , and the ever-chang menu alway offer some great surpris . 
the combin of super-fresh ingredi in the dish are unusu but realli delici . 
worth the trip from manhattan . 
wa there friday night . 
best pastrami I ever had and great portion without be ridicul . 
and I 've been to mani nyc deli . 
My wife had the fri shrimp which are huge and love it . 
price no more than a jersey deli but way better . 
As a japanes nativ , I 've live in the tristat area for over 8 year , but I wa just so amaz at thi place . 
thi place is the most japanes it can ever get . 
the sign , the special menu , food , and even all the waitstaff are all total japanes . 
thi place is worth an one-hour drive . 
I am so come back here again , a much a I can . 
leon is an east villag gem : casual but hip , with well prepar basic french bistro fare , good special , a warm and live atmospher . 
My wife and I alway enjoy the young , not alway well train but nevertheless friendli , staff , all of whom have a stori . 
sit outsid in the warm weather ; insid for cozi winter . 
decent wine at reason price . 
have been dozen of time and never fail to enjoy the experi . 
our teenag kid love it , too . 
everytim I decid to tri anoth place on the ue , I get angri that I did n't just go to zucchero pomodori . 
thi is by far my favorit place in the neighborhood . 
the servic is excel , the decor is great , and the food is delici and come in larg portion . 
you 'll pay at least doubl at ani other italian restaur in the citi , and most still do n't compar . 
I 'm partial to the gnocchi . 
thi place is incred tini . 
they refus to seat parti of 3 or more on weekend . 
the hostess is rude to the point of be offens . 
the food wa bland oili . 
I just do n't understand all the hype ... . 
We went to ino for valentin . 
We have been to thi place mani time , and alway have great food , wine , and servic . 
We were worri we would have troubl get in , but somehow manag to have a short wait . 
As alway we had a great glass of wine while we wait . 
when we sat , we got great and fast servic . 
the peopl that work there are alway so friendli you forget you are in new york sometim . 
make sure you tri thi place a often a you can . 
thi is a fun restaur to go to . 
the pizza is yummi and I like the atmoshper . 
but the pizza is way to expens . 
A larg is $ 20 , and top are about $ 3 each . 
I went there for lunch and it wa not a good a I expect from the review I read . 
sauc wa wateri and the food did n't have much flavor . 
If you like the food and the valu you get from some of chinatown restaur , thi is not the place for you . 
I do n't think I would go again . 
thi place is great . 
I had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of . 
the waitress wa veri patient with u and the food is phenomen ! 
servic wa prompt , friendli and great . 
slightli on the pricey side but worth it ! 
great pizza and fantast servic . 
there wa a small wait , but shorter than I expect . 
locat at the end of a magnific block . 
veri cozi and warm insid ... . 
I will be back ! 
thi is the best sushi in new york citi - hand down . 
the place is small and cramp but the food is fantast . 
get the tuna of gari . 
the one on the east side is much better than the one on the west side . 
planet thailand ha alway been a hit with me , I go there usual for the sushi , which is great , the thai food is excel too . 
with the great varieti on the menu , I eat here often and never get bore . 
the atmospher is n't the greatest , but I suppos that 's how they keep the price down . 
It 's all about the food !! 
I went there with my friend last saturday . 
first it took u a long time to find the place . 
we were tire and cold when we got to the restaur , then we sat down to begin order appet . 
but when we look at the menu , there were n't a lot of choic , most of them were dumpl in the appet section . 
then we order a dinosaur roll and white tuna sashimi . 
those roll were big , but not good and sashimi wa n't fresh . 
they were dri and disgust , i did n't even finish my first piec . 
hurley 's is like cheer where everyon know your name and they are actual glad you came . 
tri the crunchi tuna , it is to die for . 
tri everyth for that matter , it is all good . 
I have been go there sinc it open and I ca n't get enough . 
first went here to enjoy their garden terrac . 
the food wa amaz , and the servic wa prompt and help , but not over-bear or rush . 
the steak tartar is a great bet , they fix it for you at the tabl . 
admittedli some night insid the restaur were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm . 
great wine select , gigonda is worth the price , and the hous champagn is a great valu . 
It may be a bit pack on weekend , but the vibe is good and it is the best french food you will find in the area . 
have recommend the place to friend , alway get good respons . 
pizza - the onli pizza in nyc that should not have addit top - the crust tast like the best , freshli bake bread ! 
veal parmigana - better than patsi 's ! 
much more reason price too ! 
I take all my nyc guest to VT 's . 
not sure where the previou review , lonk , dine , but saul is in a great neighborhood and ha great food ! 
I 've been there three time and have alway had wonder experi . 
I 'd highli recommend it for a special occas -- it provid and intim set and nice servic . 
I 'm not sure where the other review ate but it seem a if we visit two differ restaur becaus my friend and I all enjoy mizu veri much ... and we 're repeat custom . 
even after they overcharg me the last time I wa there . 
make sure you have the spici scallop roll ... . 
it 's delici ! 
moul were excel , lobster ravioli wa veri salti ! 
took my mom for mother 's day , and the maitr d' wa pretti rude . 
told u to sit anywher , and when we sat he said the tabl wa reserv . 
step on my foot on the second time he reach over me to adjust light . 
tini dessert wa $ 8.00 ... just plain overpr for what it is . 
the drink are alway welll made and wine select is fairli price . 
tri their chef 's special -- they are to die for . 
servic is not exactli five star , but that not realli a big deal . 
downstair loung is alway a good attract . 
raga 's is a romant , cozi restaur . 
the exot food is beauti present and is a delight in delici combin . 
It is also extrem well price . 
the staff is incred help and attent . 
the bar is veri well stock with interest beer and well price wine . 
thi is one of my favorit restaur and it is not to be miss . 
your friend will thank you for introduc them to thi gem ! 
when we stumbl on leon , we thought that we had found quit the gem but , we were certainli wrong . 
the waitress move our tabl practic into the bathroom and when we ask to cancel our dinner order becaus we did not want to eat sit on the toilet , we were told no ... . 
then , to top thing off , she drop use silverwar on my boyfriend 's jacket and did not stop to apolog or clean the mess that wa left on cloth . 
such a disappoint ... . 
rude servic , medicor food ... there are ton of restaur in NY ... stay away from thi one . 
I had a grat time at jekyl and hyde ! 
I love everythig about it-especi the show and actor . 
our server wa veri help and friendli . 
I am bring my whole famili back next time . 
the food wa good too . 
the tuna and wasab potato are excel . 
the outdoor atmospher of sit on the sidewalk watch the world go by 50 foot away on 6th avenu on a cool even wa wonder . 
insid is a littl cramp , but to be expect . 
servic wa prompt and courteou . 
thi wa a repeat visit and we 'll definit be back again . 
great servic , great food . 
price are in line . 
compar to other shabu restaur around town , thi place win hands-down . 
but too far east ! 
I live a block away and go to patsi 's frequent . 
the pizza is delici - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shred chees common to most pizzaria 's . 
two complaint - their appet select stink , it would be nice to get some mozzarella stick on the menu . 
also , becaus it is so thin , it get cold veri quickli and it not that fill . 
So eat fast and order a lot . 
wait staff is blantent unappreci of your busi but it the best pie on the uw ! 
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaur . 
fine dine restaur qualiti . 
over 100 differ choic to creat your own . 
A must tri ! 
On a recent sunday afternoon , a friend and I accid found thi great restaur on our way to see the pulitz prize win play doubt . 
thi wa the perfect quiet , relax , and delici accompani to our afternoon of theater . 
the chicken pot pie is excpetiona , the cheeseburg huge and delict , and the servic profession wan warm . 
with so mani poor experi to be had in the theater district , is truli an excel find ! 
We will return mani time for thi oasi in mid-town . 
I grew up on these bagel . 
the staff is no nonsens . 
the food option rule . 
when I live upstat for a while I would buy freez the bagel and they would still be better than ani els . 
worth visit the 1st ave spot becaus it is the origin store . 
I stumbl upon thi second floor walk-up two friday ago when I wa with two friend in town from l.a. . 
be seriou sushi lover , we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action . 
I ask the chef what he recommend and he ask me if I like uni . 
-lrb- for those of you who do n't know , uni is sea urchin in japanes , which happen to be my favorit . -rrb- 
He serv me an uni hand roll , which I never had befor , and let me tell you ... IT wa heaven ! 
asid from the sea urchin , the chef recommend an assort of fish includ fatti yellow tail , boton shrimp , blue fin torro -lrb- fatti tuna -rrb- , sea eel , etc. . 
the sake menu should not be overlook ! 
all in all , thi midtown gem instantli becam one of my favorit sushi restaur in the citi . 
tri the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll . 
We visit orsay dure NY restaur week and tri their $ 35 menu . 
servic wa veri good - prompt , attent and non-intrus . 
food wa veri good a well , consid that we tri the budget select -lrb- though I wish the pork belli that I order wa roast a bit longer , so that fat wa more of a melt-in-your-mouth experi -rrb- . 
wine list select is good and wine-by-the-glass wa gener fill to the top . 
tradit french decour wa pleasant though the hall wa rather noisi - the restaur wa full and we had to rais our voic to be abl to maintain a convers . 
I 've been to at cafe spice probabl 5-8 time , it is probabl still the best indian restaur around union squar . 
To sum it up : servic vari from good to mediorc , depend on which waiter you get ; gener it is just averag Ok . 
seat is alway prompt , though the restaur doe fill up in the even . 
food is usual veri good , though ocasion I wonder about freshmess of raw vegat in side order . 
As mani other review notic , your order is often slow to arriv - thi is particularli true in the even but is not a problem dure lunch time . 
the decor is vibrant and eye-pleas with sever semi-priv both on the right side of the dine hall , which are great for a date . 
I have never been disappoint in the red eye . 
the first time I went , and wa complet taken by the live jazz band and atmospher , I order the lobster cobb salad . 
I 've never order anyth els from their menu ... there 's no need to . 
It 's simpli the best meal in nyc . 
you can not go wrong at the red eye grill . 
If we were to move from the upper east side , we would genuin miss thi restaur . 
We 've live in the area for more than 8 year . 
the restaur is cute but not upscal . 
the food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delici and homemad with the perfect balanc of herb and tomato . 
I would highli recommend it . 
It 's one of our favorit place to eat in NY . 
We had a great time at the jekyl and hyde pub last night . 
We were walk around the villag and went into thi place just for some drink . 
after realli enjoy ourselv at the bar we sat down at a tabl and had dinner . 
the server wa realli cool and serv u our food and drink with a smile . 
the place 's decor and hidden bathroom made for a good laugh . 
I highli recommend visit thi restaur and have dinner and drink ! 
If you are the type of person who like be scare and entertain , thi is a great place to go and eat . 
My husband and I thougt it would be great to go to the jekyl and hyde pub for our anniversari , and to our surpris it wa fantast . 
the have over 100 differ beer to offer thier guest so that made my husband veri happi and the food wa delici , if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini . 
the entertain wa great they have show that go on through out the dinner . 
pleas take my advic , go and tri thi place . 
it locat in greenewich villag . 
you will not be disapoint at all . 
our first time in new york and we had to tri a new york bagel . 
We were not dissappoint in the least bit by thi littl gem . 
the bagel wa huge . 
they were serv warm and had a soft fluffi interior . 
the worker there also absolut load the bagel with cream chees -lrb- get a littl messi -rrb- . 
I love it and would highli recommend . 
thi wa my frist time at cafe st. bart 's and I must say how delic the food and the servic wa . 
when I call thi morn , I did n't think I would be abl to get in at 12 , but I wa abl to get in , along with four other guest . 
I have to highli recommend the lobster roll - not to much mayo ; you can tell it wa a fresh lobster . 
other guest enjoy pizza , santa fe chop salad and fish and chip . 
I highli recommend cafe st. bart 's for their food , the ambienc and wonder servic . 
all the staff is absolut profession !! 
I sometim see the waiter do n't have enough knowledg of their dish . 
but they do . 
-lrb- that is A must , but not everi restaur can do ... -rrb- . 
If you want to dine with larg parti , I recommend to make reserv basement . 
there 's nice and quiet , small but enough for 6 -lrb- or more -rrb- . 
thi restaur wa way overhyp . 
My chow fun and chow see wa realli bland and oili . 
okay-i do n't mind the oili part -lrb- caus most are cook that way -rrb- but it wa way too bland . 
the scallion pancak and fri dumpl were noth out of the ordinari . 
the servic wa the onli thing good about thi restaur . 
It 's bore on the insid , and our sushi wa pretti below averag ... the tuna wa soggi and the other roll had no flavor . 
I definit would n't go back . 
there are mani thai place in the citi but so far toon is # 1 . 
their pad penang is delici and everyth els is fantast . 
the price is reason although the servic is poor . 
fresh restaur wa amaz ... ... food wa delici and of cours fresh . 
great for a romant even , or a fun even with friend ... . 
I will be go back veri soon . 
keep up the good work . 
hat off to the chef . 
I am not the most experienc person when it come to thai food , but my friend who took me there is . 
He ha visit thailand and is quit expert on the cuisin . 
It wa wonder . 
the salad are delici , both refresh and veri spici . 
We had pam 's special fri fish and it wa amaz . 
too larg for just two peopl but noth wa left . 
unbeliev . 
had a late night dinner on a saturday night . 
great vibe , lot of peopl . 
My husband and I both order the steak , medium . 
My husband wa perfect , my wa well done and dri . 
I did n't complain , I like the atmospher so much . 
will give it anoth chanc befor I write it off . 
visit there while on vacat and read the review . 
On a hot day it wa fabul to stop in and enjoy lunch . 
ambienc is so cute and quaint , good for busi although we were there on vacat . 
salad were fantast . 
although we were look for regular lettuc and some walnut the salad we got were great . 
ingredi are organ which is a real plu for me . 
We will be back . 
thi is some realli good , inexpens sushi . 
It cost $ 2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll , but the roll more than tripl in size , and that 's not just from the rice . 
the spici tuna roll is huge and probabl the best that I 've had at thi price rang . 
the yellowtail wa particularli good a well . 
I have reserv about the all you can eat deal , howev -- the choic are fairli limit and you can probabl order more food than you can eat for le than $ 18 by just go off the menu . 
In ani event , thi is a place I 'll be sure to stop by again when I 'm in thi part of town . 
big wong get big up for a fine establish . 
they have it all -- great price , food , and servic . 
the atmospher is noisi and the waiter are liter walk around do thing a fast a they can . 
the food is prepar quickli and effici . 
and it all come at a veri reason price -lrb- conge , noodl , and rice dish are no more than $ 3-6 each -rrb- . 
the takeout is great too sinc they give high qualiti tupperwar a well . 
thi place is alway veri crowd and popular . 
went here on a friend 's reccomend . 
enjoy a veri nice caesar salad while my wife had arugula and goat chees ... both veri tasti . 
We both opt for a pasta dish and they were serv time and fresh . 
We conclud with tiramisu chocol cake , both were delici . 
We 'd go back again . 
I recent went to thi restaur with some co-work for lunch and had an amaz time . 
the staff wa accomod , the food wa absolut delici and the place is love . 
We even had a visit from the manag who want to make sure we were enjoy ourselv . 
ye , the price are high , but I felt it wa worth it . 
We all felt it wa worth it . 
sometim i get good food and ok servic . 
sometim i get bad food and bad servic , sometim i get good good and bad servic . 
it is not consist . 
realli depend on your luck ! 
the place is a bistro which mean : simpl dish and wine serv effici in a bustl atmospher . 
and where doe pati go wrong ; no where . 
you are not eat haut cuisin with subtl hint of whatev but : cassuolet , steak fritt , tripe stew , etc ; simpl stuff . 
and evalu on those term pasti is simpli wonder . 
right off the L in brooklyn thi is a nice cozi place with good pizza . 
mine wa a littl burnt but still delici with goat chees and panchetta -lrb- raddichio wa kind of bitter though -rrb- . 
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tast better . 
the sangria wa pretti tasti and good on a hot muggi day . 
kind of a small place but I guess if they are not too busi might be abl to fit a group or kid . 
overal I would recommend it and go back again . 
come from boston thi place is like emma 's pizza in kendal squar in cambridg -lrb- although they have more funki top ! -rrb- 
I start out with a bombay beer which wa big enough for two . 
for dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan . 
mmmmm ... it wa delici . 
servic wa slow , but the peopl were friendli . 
It 's a nice place to relax and have convers . 
I ca n't wait to go back . 
We have live in chelsea for two year and have never notic thi restaur . 
the food is authent italian - delici ! 
pizza is terrif , a is homemad pasta . 
ambienc is delight , servic impecc . 
I 'm still mad that i had to pay for lousi food . 
the hanger steak wa like rubber and the tuna wa flavorless not to mention it tast like it had just been thaw . 
servic wa also horribl and the ambienc is not that great . 
DO not tri unless you 're just go there to hang out like the rest of the hipster who appar have no sens of tast . 
I go and eat out at mani differ restaur and thi is one place you have go and tri . 
thi is my first time write a review for a restaur becaus the food and servic wa excel . 
the filet mignon dish wa superb ! 
I would defiantli come back here again a one of my top choic . 
It 's a small cute restaur . 
I absolut love thi place !!! 
from the street it look veri hidden , and is actual an old warehous . 
I like the ambienc , it 's veri dark and origin . 
I came here for my friend 's birthday and keep come back ever sinc . 
the sushi is amaz !!! 
and amazingli cheap . 
big thumb up ! 
veri afford and excel ambient ! 
We order some beef and noodl soup dish from the thai section of the menu but noth we got wa thai . 
We were veri disappoint . 
We wo n't go to thi place again for a good meal . 
howev , I think thi place is a good hang out spot . 
next time , we would n't dare order anyth els other than some simpl asian appet and drink . 
My girlfriend and I stumbl onto thi hop place the other night and had a great time ! 
the pizza and wine were excellent-th servic too -- but what realli made thi place wa the backyard dine area . 
It is one the nicest outdoor restaur I have ever seen in NY -- I am from itali and thi place rival the one in my countri . 
they tell me they are go to cover the garden in glass for the winter , so i 'm look forward to go there on a snowi night to enjoy it . 
check thi place out ! 
highli recommend !!!!! 
first of all , thi place is * not * romant , a claim by citysearch 's editori review . 
either that , or the editor 's idea of romanc must be share a convers with the next tabl , while tri to speak louder than the traffic on 57th . 
the tabl are cram way too close , the menu is typic of ani italian restaur , and the wine list is simpli overpr . 
slightli abov averag wine start at $ 70 + with onli one select list at $ 30 + . 
servic is not what one would expect from a joint in thi price categori . 
for instanc , plate were just dump on the tabl , I wa hand the wine list upsid down , etc ... . 
somehow work the italian charm with constant mill grazi doe not constitut proper servic . 
To be complet fair , the onli redeem factor wa the food , which wa abov averag , but could n't make up for all the other defici of teodora . 
To celebr a birthday , three of u went to mare anticip great food . 
not one of our meal wa edibl - bland and/or made with weird rosemari or orang flavor . 
fish wa overdon . 
cute place , nice wait staff but would never go there again . 
someon els recommend the dessert - we also left that . 
one of u actual like the expresso - that 's it . 
skip thi restaur , it 's a big disappoint . 
myagi is one of my favorit restaur in the citi ; the place the neg review describ sound like they were somewher els . 
I 've never had bad servic and the fish is fresh and delici . 
their tuna tartar appet is to die for . 
I come from a famili of pizzeria owner , and I 'm almost asham to say that the pizza in fornino 's blow my famili receipi away . 
It is simpli amaz . 
the place is so cool and the servic is prompt and curtiou . 
I highli recommend to anyon to give thi place a tri . 
you will find yourself return quit often . 
p.s. pleas do n't tell anyon in my famili i eat there . 
lol . 
A restaur that doe n't tri to do anyth except serv great food with great servic in a pleasant atmospher . 
No gimmick here -- the food speak for itself in it fresh and prepar . 
the dine room is quietli eleg with no music to shout over -- how refresh ! 
the servic wa impecc and unobtrus -- the staff know what they are there to do -- to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your need . 
look around , I saw a room full of new yorker enjoy a real meal in a real restaur , not a clubhous of the fabul tri to be seen . 
beauti experi . 
the view is breathtak the servic is top notch ... the ambianc is wonderful . 
the staff offer impecc servic . 
I had lobster bisqu it ha 2 oz of main lobster in it . 
My boyfriend had the new england chowder it wa good but I think the award should go to the lobster bisqu . 
I had filet mignon with garlic mash . 
It wa divin melt in your mouth . 
My boyfriend had prime rib it wa good . 
We did n't want a bottl of bubbl on a weekday so we each got littl bottl of korbett it wa just enough . 
We had lava cake ... we order when our food came it take at least a 1/2 to make it . 
It 's cuz it 's so good you need to tast it !!! 
all in all we 're alreadi come up with excus to go ahead realli soon in the next few wk !!!! 
My wife and I ate here earlier thi week and have not stop rant and rave about the food . 
If you like spici food get the chicken vindaloo . 
It 's veri spici but not offens . 
We will definit go back . 
Go to volar for 1st class servic and terrif food . 
the portion are larg and the server alway surpris u with a differ starter . 
the wine list is excel . 
the food is amaz ... especi if you get the chef 's tast menu and your favourit bottl -lrb- or two -rrb- of wine from an extens select of wine . 
the place is small and intim and you may feel a littl crowd , but the servic is excel and it 's great for friend out , a romant date , or a special occass . 
peopl dress in suit or even gown a well a shirt jean . 
the food can get pricey but the prix fix tast menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to ani food allergi or food you do n't like . 
recommend , of cours , are requir ! 
pleas be awar that it 's cash or amex onli ! 
with the except of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eye start water , the food here wa decent , not great . 
the menu is veri limit - i think we count 4 or 5 entre . 
We order the special , grill branzino , that wa so infus with bone , it wa difficult to eat . 
the decor in thi place is veri diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the east villag - not romant , just simpl , small and spars . 
problem is noth at prune is particularli memor . 
No plan to return anytim soon . 
thi place is so much fun . 
our famili never expect such incred entertain in a restaur . 
thi place must have cost the owner afortun to build . 
I think the stuff wa better than disney . 
our food wa great too ! 
and realli larg portion . 
the staff wa the friendliest that have seen in new york . 
We will go back everi time we are in the citi . 
If you want someth realli differ than tri jekyl and hyde . 
It is a lot of fun with live entertain and all kind of disney type special effect . 
the food wa pretti tradion but it wa hot and good with larg portion . 
I highli recommend it . 
I am go to the mid town locat next . 
the place is a lot of fun . 
My six year old love it . 
the charact realli make for an enjoy experi . 
the food howev , is what one might expect . 
It is veri overpr and not veri tasti . 
howev , I think jeckll and hyde t is one of those place that is fun to do onc . 
We had a good time . 
went there with my wife and we had to wait for a tabl even though you could see there mani that were empti with not reserv sigh on them . 
servic wa slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowd . 
drink way over price . 
food wa good not great not worth the wait or anoth visit . 
great pizza for lunch place . 
servic wa quick . 
the pizza wa great . 
and it wa quick which is veri import . 
have the ice tea . 
It wa wonder . 
whenev you need a sushi fix , mizu will be there with qualiti fish and great servic . 
deliveri is fast too . 
great friendli servic , fast seat , fast deliveri , excel sushi . 
A littl overpr but worth it onc you take a bite . 
grow up in NY , I have eaten my share of bagel . 
ess-a-bagel -lrb- either by sty-town or midtown -rrb- is by far the best bagel in NY . 
the bagel alway warm , soft on the insid , crispi on the outsid and enorm in size . 
they have a huge select of differ cream chees and all of their salad are great . 
the lox is alway fresh too . 
highli recommend to all ! 
I have to agre with the previou review . 
I do n't get it either . 
not impress with the food . 
price too high for thi cramp and unapp restur . 
zero ambianc to boot . 
I thought thi place wa total overr . 
everyth we had wa good or ok ... but definit noth great . 
the ambienc wa nice , but servic wa n't so great . 
when you add it all togeth , it just doe n't seem worth it to me ... especi consid the price . 
thi is the best shabu-shabu restaur in the try-stat area . 
I have live in japan for 7 year and the tast of the food and the feel of the restaur is like be back in japan . 
thiu is a must for anyon who love shabu-shabu . 
the atmospher is noth special , but it feel like a sushi establish in tokyo . 
the owner and staff are all japanes a well and that add to the entir ambianc . 
despit a slightli limit menu , everyth prepar is done to perfect , ultra fresh and a work of food art . 
I must give it yon out of yon star ! 
taxan delici ! 
arigato gozima yuka ! 
thi restaur wa recommend by a local ... a a matter of fact , he made the reserv for u and said we would not be disappoint ! 
We were n't ! 
the price were cheap compar to the qualiti of servic and food . 
We like it so much , that we will alway make it a point to dine here when we visit new york . 
went there for an offic lunch . 
the locat and ambienc is Ok but the food is what make up for it . 
there is a lot of varieti even for peopl who eat vegetarian like me . 
tri green curri with veget . 
the quantiti is also veri good , you will come out satisfi . 
the servic is ok , some of the peopl did n't get what they ask for . 
I wa there on sat , for my birthday and we had an excel time . 
I had the best ravioli ever . 
the wine the servic wa veri good too . 
moder price . 
A littl nois but I think that wa becaus of our parti ! 
molto bene ! 
thi quaint and romant trattoria is at the top of my manhattan restaur list . 
the food is delici - from the special to the regular menu-far , the dish are never a disappoint . 
whether it 's the parmesean porcini souffl or the lamb glaze with balsam vinegar , you will sure be transport to northern itali with one bite . 
although the tabl may be close situat , the candle-light , food-qual and servic overcompens . 
A guarantee delight ! 
I have known about thi secret for the last 13 year , emilio -lrb- the godfath -rrb- ha continu to serv food and wine for the god at mortal price . 
If you go , tri the marinara/arrabiatta sauc , the mozzarella en carozza is mmmmmmmm ... everyth is just delici . 
check out the secret back room . 
old school meet new world . 
I pray it stay open forev . 
thank you emilio . 
ciao bella . 
I found the food , servic and valu except everytim I have been there . 
the food wa authent . 
I felt a though I were eat in pari . 
the servic wa excel - friendli and attent . 
the price are wonder low . 
veri good wine choic . 
I ca n't believ peopl complain about no chees stick ? 
who ha room for cheesestick with the best pizza in nyc ! 
get the pepperoni - yum - and a famili style salad . 
great staff . 
alway great servic ! 
I go twice a month ! 
fantast ! 
the food is good , I ca n't lie . 
but the staff wa so horribl to u . 
the hostess and the waitress were incred rude and did everyth they could to rush u out . 
We were plan to get dessert but the waitress basic through the bill at u befor we had a chanc to order . 
thi place is pricey , and ye , the food is worth it ; but the servic make you feel like you should be pay a quater of the price . 
save yourself the time and troubl and skip thi one ! 
I 'll keep thi short . 
amma is noth special . 
the two star chef left quit some time ago to open their own place . 
I ate here a week ago and found most dish averag at best and too expens . 
will not be back . 
Do n't dine at tamarind for the vegetarian dish , they are simpli not up to par with the non-veg select . 
decor is nice though servic can be spotti . 
thi place is alway pack . 
I know becaus I live nearbi . 
most importantli , food is excel . 
tri the sea bass . 
highli recommend . 
first of all dal bukhara rock . 
As a student in nyu i need a place to eat after a hard day of work so usual i just go to ani indian restraunt near by . 
but ive heard a lot about thi for the past 2 yr and final decid to eat here . 
I am happi i did the food wa awsom . 
just awsom . 
and ye dal bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kabab . 
they are open two more place a i saw a flyer there one in yonker which is a restraunt and banquet hall and anoth one in parsipanni new jersey . 
but overal i give it a 10 . 
10 . 
I have n't been to the other locat . 
haru on park S is simpli disgust . 
the fish wa not fresh and the rice tast old and stale . 
quit frankli , thi is some of the worst sushi I have ever tri . 
will never be back . 
honestli the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entir life . 
believ u , we 've been eat sushi for over 15 yr . 
not sure whi thi restaur would be rate that highli . 
the all-u-can-eat sushi is definit in veri poor qualiti . 
limit menu , no-so-fresh ingredi , thinly-sl fish , fall-apart rice . 
the onli thing u could realli tast are the veri salti soy sauc -lrb- even it low sodium -rrb- , the vinegar-soak rice , and the scallion on top of the fish . 
the waitstaff are nice though . 
wont come back again for sure ! 
I have been to roth 's twice and both time were veri disappoint . 
onc for dinner and onc for brunch . 
both time I wa extrem dissappoint by the servic , which wa boarderlin rude . 
they wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine befor offer anoth . 
much of the time it seem like they do not care about you . 
the dinner wa ok , noth I would have again . 
I had their egg benedict for brunch , which were the worst in my entir life , I tri remov the hollondais sauc complet that wa how fail it wa . 
thi wa a great surpris . 
with the theater 2 block away we had a delici meal in a beauti room . 
the servic wa attent . 
I look forward to eat here again . 
planet thai is great ! 
We love the food , drink , and atmospher ! 
the svc can be a bit rude at time , esp if you have big group , but overal the restaur is a must ! 
tri the pad thai , it 's fabul and their price are so cheap ! 
just becaus it 's cheap doe not mean the portion are small or the food is nasti , IT IS great ! 
just rememb , the later you go , the longer you may have to wait . 
It 's popular w/the late crowd . 
they forgot a sandwich , did n't includ plastic fork , and did n't includ pita with the hummu platter . 
also , the sandwich -lrb- near $ 7 -rrb- did n't come with anyth like chip or a side . 
overal , not worth the money . 
eat in , the atmospher save it , but at your desk , it 's a veri disappoint experi . 
I love indian food and consid myself to be quit an expert on it . 
chennai garden is my favorit indian restaur in the citi . 
they have authent indian at amazin price . 
thi restaur is vegetarian ; there are NO meat dish whatsoev . 
the seat are uncomfort if you are sit against the wall on wooden bench . 
It 's a rather cramp and busi restaur and it close earli . 
patroon featur a nice cigar bar and ha great staff . 
the food is tasti and portion size are appropri . 
thi is a nice restaur if you are look for a good place to host an intim dinner meet with busi associ . 
not a great place for famili or gener dine . 
lloovv thi place . 
food is excel . 
fish is so veri fresh . 
waitstaff are veri friendli . 
love yuka . 
mermaid inn is an overal good restaur with realli good seafood . 
the menu is limit but almost all of the dish are excel . 
the lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with scallop and shrimp is great . 
the servic is good and ambienc is good for a date or group outing . 
the onli fallback on thi restaur is the price . 
even though it good seafood , the price are too high . 
the lobster sandwich is $ 24 and although it wa good it wa not nearli enough to warrant that price . 
went to villag last night for my birthday . 
We pick it randomli , without a recommend from someon who ha been there , so we were n't sure what to expect . 
We were veri pleasantli surpris . 
the food wa delici -lrb- I had a halibut special , my husband had steak -rrb- , and the servic wa top-notch . 
when my dessert came , there wa a candl in it - not becaus anyon ask for one - but becaus the waiter must have seen me open my birthday card and gift , and said he knew it wa a special occass of some sort . 
truli the mark of an attent waiter . 
I highli recommend the restaur base on our experi last night . 
We ate at thi thai place follow the review but veri unhappi with the food . 
We thought that thi place is use too much of msg cook in the food . 
whi ? 
they do n't concern much of custom 's health , just want to make money . 
pleas do n't fool u . 
I visit new green Bo when I have money or when I am broke . 
I recommend the jelli fish , drunken chicken and the soupi dumpl , certainli the stir fri blue crab . 
the food is so cheap and the waiter are nice . 
Of cours , it is crowd but who care . 
authent shanghai style and I can not recommend a better shanghai place in new york . 
have frequent ` ino for sever year and the food remain excel . 
chees plate is a vari delight and great bargain at $ 10 . 
the larg select of bruschetta , panini , tramezzini keep the palat from stagnat . 
-lrb- the asparagu , truffl oil , parmesan bruschetta is a winner ! -rrb- 
wine list is extens without be over-pr . 
Be sure to tri the season , and alway delici , special . 
definit a neighborhood favorit . 
I love thi place !! 
I almost hesitit to write a review becaus the atmospher wa so great and I would hate for it too becom to crowd . 
the food wa veri good , a great deal , and the place it self wa great . 
the wait staff is veri freindli , they make it feel like you 're eat in a freindli littl european town . 
I like cafe noir dont get me wrong , it is jsut that the peopl who work there are evil and incompet !! 
the servic wa terribl , we had to wait for everyth and ask sever of differ peopl for the same thing befor we were allow to be serv . 
the waitress , seem to be more concern of look good than actual waitress . 
after dinner the manag grab my boyfriend , ask him : where are you from ... mayb you dont know how thing work in america ... and in the end storm away almost tearey yell that tip are the onli thing they surviv on . 
We did tip , I guess the model/waitress just want more and complain to the manag . 
the whole set up is truli unprofession and I wish cafe noir would get some good staff , becaus despit the current one thi is a great place . 
pizza here is consist good . 
salad are a delici way to begin the meal . 
you should pa on the calamari . 
It is thick and slightli soggi . 
decor is charm . 
servic is averag . 
what a great place . 
I came into the citi to tri out thi restaur becaus a friend had recommend it to my husband . 
the ambienc wa so fun , and the price were great , on top of the fact that the food wa realli tasti . 
I wa n't thrill to have to wait on line for thirti minut , but I guess that 's the price you pay for a popular place . 
I would definit recommend sea if you like thai cuisin ! 
I wa here a few week back and we had the worst custom servic experi at a restaur ever . 
A gentleman , mayb the manag , came to our tabl , and without so much a a smile or greet ask for our order . 
when ask about how a certain dish wa prepar in comparison to a similar at other thai restaur , he repli thi is not mcdonald 's , everi place make thing differ . 
while it is understand that everi place is inde differ , there wa not a need to be uncourt to custom and downright rude . 
the servic wa poor , restaur poorli lit , staff not veri attent and I would have rather eaten at a mcdonald 's than thi joint . 
never again ! 
I absolut love thi place . 
My friend spoke so much about it for month , I final made the time to come down ear and dine in . 
excel atmospher , delici dish good and friendli servic . 
thi is can becam on e of the NY italian food fare institut . 
I think that it is absolut brilliant and well run busi oper . 
the wine list is also realli nice . 
A friend from seattl and I went on a thursday night around 8:30 . 
everyth wa wonder ; food , drink , staff , mileau . 
I would highli recommend thi place ! 
I have been to casimir over 5 time and I have alway had a great time there . 
the food is great and reason price . 
I have tri to make reserv , but both time , the hostess did n't have my name . 
If the weather is nice , tri to snag an outsid tabl . 
the staff ha been nice , but they seem realli stress and the unisex bathroom need to be clean more often . 
My boyfriend and I went there to celebr my birthday the other night and all I can say is that it wa magnific . 
from the spectacular caviar to the hospit waitstaff , I felt like royalti and enjoy everi second of it . 
consid we were the last patron there and it wa after the close time , the waitstaff did not rush u at all and made u feel comfort and relax . 
I highli recommend caviar russ to anyon who want delici top grade caviar and fantast servic . 
nice famili own tradit restaur . 
fresh ingredi and everyth is made to order . 
I wa pleasantli surpris to find thi gem in hoboken . 
friendli staff that actual let you enjoy your meal and the compani you 're with . 
My friend and I were on vacat in NY and wa refer to chanc by a friend . 
I found the food to be outstand , particulari the salmon dish I had . 
I also order the chang mojito , which wa out of thi world . 
My friend settl for rice dish , but we came back the follow day to tri the dim sum , which wa good ... not outstand , but good . 
We ate out in the back patio , which is worth it a it 's cool and the music is hear well there . 
overal , excel restaur ! 
i went to utsav about a yr ago with my famili . 
the food wa good . 
the place wa nice and calm . 
but the servic wa a bit slow . 
I work around the corner and tri it with a colleagu for the first time . 
the buffet had a nice select . 
the food wa averag or abov includ some surpris tasti dish . 
servic wa also veri good . 
I would go back . 
I got an excel piec of cheesecak and we had sever other nice pastri . 
I would recommend roxi 's for that , but not for their food . 
My son and hi girlfriend both want cheeseburg and they were huge ! 
but , they were too big for the bun . 
consequ , their burger fell apart in their hand and made such a mess that they did ` nt feel like finish them . 
also they were $ 15 each ! 
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll . 
It wa $ 14 not realli bad for a pound of pastrami-but it did n't have much taste-i 've had better for le elsewher ! 
thi place is realli trendi but they have forgotten about the most import part of a restaur , the food . 
the last two time I order from here my food wa soo spici that I could bare eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish . 
and the tom kha soup wa pathet . 
If you want good authent thai thi place is not the place to go . 
We went here for lunch a coupl of week ago on a saturday , and I wa thoroughli impress with the food . 
the pesto pizza wa excel , thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spici italian chees that I 'd never heard of befor . 
conveni locat too , be right on bedford ave . 
the back garden sit area is veri pleasant , where you can see their person herb garden . 
I will definetli be go back . 
We had the lobster sandwich and it wa fantast . 
My husband said he could 've eaten sever more , the portion wa fine for me he even exclaim that the french fri were the best he ha had . 
We had the scallop a an appet and they were delici and the sauc wa wonder . 
I recommend get a reserv even though we saw peopl seat without one . 
We wait at the bar and had martini that were just right . 
We will be back . 
love the food . 
it 's the onli place you can get yummi authent japanes comfort food . 
it help if you know what to order . 
and you ca n't beat the price . 
highli recommend . 
I 've live in NY for 5 year and thi place ha it all . 
great food , good size menu , great servic and an unpretensi set . 
the dish offer were uniqu , veri tasti and fresh from the lamb sausag , sardin with biscuit , larg whole shrimp to the amaz pistachio ice cream -lrb- the best and freshest I 've ever had -rrb- . 
I 'm glad I wa introduc to thi place and thi is a rare gem in NY . 
We have tri everi thai restaur between atlant avenu and 4th street , and joya is the best . 
the freshest , best varieti , and the fastest deliveri . 
also veri inexpens . 
A great choic at ani cost and a great deal . 
the servic wa excel and the food wa delici . 
We are veri particular about sushi and were both pleas with everi choic which includ : cevich mix -lrb- special -rrb- , crab dumpl , assort sashimi , sushi and roll , two type of sake , and the banana tempura . 
overal the restaur is more expens than our other sushi favorit , but everyth wa delici . 
definit a great spot for a nice occas or date . 
averag to good thai food , but terribl deliveri . 
I 've wait over one hour for food . 
they were veri abrupt with me when I call and actual claim the food wa late becaus they were out of rice . 
A thai restaur out of rice dure dinner ? 
the food arriv 20 minut after I call , cold and soggi . 
i actual feel like i should keep it a secret . 
thi is a wonder place on all stand point especi valu ofr money . 
An excel servic . 
went to cafe spice with 4 of my friend on a saturday night . 
We were greet promptli by the waiter who wa veri nice and cordial . 
she wa veri help in suggest u drink and help u in order a lot of good dish sinc we knew noth about indian food . 
We were fast to order the appet platter sinc we were veri hungri . 
the food look veri appet and delici sinc it came on a varieti of fanci plate . 
We end our great experi by have gulab jamun -lrb- dessert -rrb- recommend by the waiter . 
I thank my friend who recommend me thi restaur and will certainli recommend it to other . 
I went here with a friend on a whim , we went someplac els first and could n't get a tabl . 
servic here wa great , food wa fantast . 
guacamol + shrimp appet wa realli great , we both had the filet , veri good , did n't much like the frite that came with , but the filet wa so good , neither of u care . 
will absolut visit again . 
mayb tomorrow ;--rrb- . 
you can not go wrong with thi place . 
the food is outstand and the servic is quick , friendli and veri profession . 
alway a nice crowd , but never loud . 
Go here . 
good for date or with friend . 
I am reluct to write becaus I would not want my jem of a pizza place to becom overcrowd . 
howev , it is ju too good to not prais it . 
By far , the best pizza in manhattan . 
the crust is thin , the ingredi are fresh and the staff is friendli . 
for all you lazi folk that do n't want to come to alphabet citi , I say , good - stay out . 
le wait time for me ! 
We arriv on time for our reserv and seat promptli . 
the menu ha so mani fish item and oyster . 
We all order differ entre so we could share . 
the fish wa realli , realli fresh . 
I live in main for ten year and grew up on fish . 
We all agre that mare is one of the best seafood restaur in new york . 
I stumbl upon thi great pizzeria a I explor my new neighborhood . 
all of the pizza are terrif and the price is even better ! 
I highli recommend the sophia pizza . 
It 's to die for ! 
the food wa mediocr at best but it wa the horribl servic that made me vow never to go back . 
immedi after we paid , the waiter took the money and said , okay , you guy are outta here . 
there are other peopl wait ! 
We were n't even at our tabl for more than an hour total . 
As we were leav , the coupl stand by the door said to anoth waiter , we 're not in a hurri . 
our friend have not arriv yet . 
So rush u out wa absolut unnecessari ! 
for the peopl who want great food plu great servic , roxi is a place to avoid ! 
I 've been here twice now . 
the first time the sushi wa outstand , the second time it wa a littl bland . 
I 'm sure I 'll return for a final judgement tho . 
the blond wood decor is veri sooth , the premium sake is excel and the servic is great . 
mizu is the japenes find in grammerci . 
while their kitchen food is delici , their sushi is out of thi world . 
mizu is home to creativ and uniqu roll not to found anywher els . 
not onli is the cuisin the best around , the servic ha alway been attent and charm . 
warn : you may find it difficult to dine at other japanes restaur after a visit to mizu ! 
thalia is a beauti restaur with beauti peopl serv you , but the food doe n't quit match up . 
I order the smoke salmon and roe appet and it wa off flavor . 
the entre wa bland and small , dessert wa not inspir . 
I expect quit a bit more from such an expens menu . 
the view is spectacular , and the food is great . 
wonder strawberri daiquiri a well ! 
definit worth the trip to batteri park citi ! 
one of my favorit place in manhattan . 
authent taiwanes food that 's cheap ... what more could you ask for ? 
-lrb- besid that there should be more restaur like it around the citi -rrb- . 
the cold appet dish tast like the way I rememb them to tast when I wa grow up in taiwan . 
delici simpl food in nice outdoor atmospher . 
kind , attent wait staff . 
I realli like both the scallop and the mahi mahi -lrb- on saffron risotto-yum -rrb- . 
My friend devour her chicken and mash potato . 
delici crab cake too . 
even if the food wa n't thi good , the garden is a great place to sit outsid and relax . 
great neighborhood joint . 
thi is a nice pizza place with good select of thin crust pizza includ the basil slice . 
their calzon are horrif , bad , vomit-induc , yuck . 
they smell like they stuff them with old can veget like the spinach mushroom calzon . 
the counter servic is bad . 
they charg differ price all the time . 
they 're rude at time , and not veri friendli . 
NO pizza 33 for me ! 
anybodi who like thi place must be from a differ planet , where greasi , dri and tasteless are complimentari . 
the dosa are skimpi , unattract and drip with greas , and person I 'd drink popcorn top befor I 'd eat anoth one of these . 
the sandwich are dri , tasteless and way overpr . 
call the place hampton chutney co. doe warn you that these folk offer more style than substanc , but in thi unattract room with unhelp clerk there wa a dearth of the former too . 
serious , thi place kick as . 
the atmospher is unherald , the servic impec , and the food magnific . 
best italian food I ever had -lrb- and be italian , that mean alot -rrb- . 
It is nearli imposs to get a tabl , so if you ever have the chanc to go here for dinner , DO not pa it up . 
thi is such a love , peac place to eat outsid . 
the restaur look out over beauti green lawn to the hudson river and the statu of liberti . 
It is set far from the small street it 's on , and there is no traffic nois . 
the food is good , especi their more basic dish , and the drink are delici . 
thi is a great place to take out-of-town , and perfect for watch the sunset . 
great sushi experi . 
nice valu . 
uniqu apppet . 
tri sushimi cucumb roll . 
good spread , great beverag select and bagel realli tasti . 
the big complaint : NO toast avail . 
I complet the total bagel experi by have it lightli toast . 
murray wo n't do it . 
Wo n't or Ca n't is not in the servic directori . 
but who say murray 's is anyth about servic . 
So close , but not good enough . 
Do n't be fool by crowd of peopl . 
the servic is aw . 
thi place is not worth the price . 
also , do n't plan on ask for your favorit roll , if it 's not on the menu , you ca n't have it . 
love pizza 33 ... . 
I will be out with friend and all of a sudden I am hungri and I onli crave one thing ... their pizza . 
I live in the neightborhood and am a regular . 
It hit the spot everi time . 
thi tini williamsburg spot is alway pleasantli surpris . 
the pizza is delici and the proprietor is one of the nicest in nyc . 
even the pasta is delici here -lrb- a rariti in new york pizza restaur -rrb- . 
I 've been mani time and have never been disappoint . 
compar to ess-a , tal offer a le doughi bagel ! 
they even scoop it out nice -lrb- for those on a diet -rrb- not too much not to littl . 
the cream chees are out of thi world and I love that coffe !! 
A littl crowd but they move that line realli fast ! 
A littl pricey but it realli hit the spot on a sunday morn ! 
bagel are ok , but be sure not to make ani special request ! 
I ask for an open face chees sandwich and the manag basic told me to take my busi elsewher ! 
Be sure not to get anyth other than bagel ... ! 
the turkey burger are scari ! 
the worst excus for japanes food I 've ever encount . 
the soup for the udon wa soy sauc and water . 
the sushi wa aw ! 
the rice wa poor qualiti and wa cook so badli it wa hard . 
furthermor , the rice had no season , so the sushi wa bland and disgust . 
the fish wa adequ , but inexpertli slice . 
It is obviou that no one in the restaur ha ani idea about or experi with japanes cuisin . 
good , fast servic . 
I would highli recommend . 
food is great and inexpens . 
the locat is perfect . 
give it a tri and enjoy . 
I thought go to jimmi would give me a real domincan exprienc . 
jimmi is dominican ! 
well , thi place is so ghetto it not even funni . 
If you like your music blast and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottl minimun then you 'll love it here . 
would never go back there . 
too bad latin quarter close . 
that place wa awesom , , , salli ! 
awsom pizza especi the margheritta slice . 
alway busi but fast move . 
great atmosher and worth everi bit . 
open late -lrb- well a late a I ever got there and I 'm a night person -rrb- . 
winni and her staff are the best crew you can find serv you . 
the food is reliabl and the price is moder . 
what more can you ask for ? 
for authent thai food , look no further than toon . 
ive been to mani thai restaur in manhattan befor , and toon is by far the best thai food ive had -lrb- except for my mom 's of cours -rrb- . 
tri the pad thai , or sampl anyth on the appet menu ... they 're all delici . 
everyth about thi restaur wa special . 
the servic wa attent , yet discreet . 
the flavor robust and subtl . 
the brioch and lolli a parti favor is a cute and sweet touch to a most memor meal . 
I 'm save up for my next visit . 
I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and reflesh with my date . 
the place wa quiet and delight . 
servic wa good and food is wonder . 
I did not tri the caviar but I tri their salmon and crab salad -lrb- they are all good -rrb- . 
It is definit a good spot for snack and chat . 
As a retir hipster , I can say with some degre of certainti that for the last year lucki strike ha been the best laid-back late night in the citi . 
the wait staff is pleasant , fun , and for the most part gorgeou -lrb- in the wonder aesthet beautif way , not in that she's-way-cuter-than-me-that-b@#$* way -rrb- . 
the food is yummi , especi their cooked-to-perfect mussel in spici tomato sauc and their shoestr crispi fri . 
but the best part about LS is the late night atmospher , delight free of the bt . 
you can get a complet delish martini in a glass -lrb- that 's about 2.1/2 drink -rrb- for $ 8.50 -lrb- I recommend the vanilla shanti , mmmm ... -rrb- in a great homey set with great music . 
the in-hous ladi DJ on saturday night ha outrag good tast in music , and moreov , take request . 
you ca n't go wrong with thi place . 
suan is a great place that I often take my friend -lrb- classmat -rrb- too . 
it locat is good and the fact that hutner colleg is near and their price are veri reason , make student go back to suan again and again . 
I love their thai . 
noodl with shrimp and chicken and coconut juic is the must ! 
I wa in love with pongsri on 48th , but compar to suan it is slow in servic and overpr . 
I will go back to suan soon ! 
In summer-eat outsid on a terrac -lrb- anoth great featur of suan -rrb- !!! 
I can not imagin a friendlier staff work in a restaur . 
I can not imagin better indian food in all of the citi . 
I can not imagin you not rush out to eat there . 
thi restaur use to be our regular thursday night dinner locat . 
dure the cours of the past 3 month , the chef and staff chang and it wa not for the better . 
I wish they would chang back to what it wa befor . 
the food now is inconsist . 
thi is the kind of place you 'd like to take all your friend to and still keep a secret . 
the set is casual and romant . 
price are veri good . 
the food is excel ! 
if you 're dare , tri the balsam vinegar over icecream , it 's wonder ! 
Do not get the Go Go hamburg , no matter what the review say . 
they were such a rip-off -lrb- $ 8.95 for four small meat patti in steam bun -rrb- and not worth tri . 
the rest of the dim sum , though pricey by chinatown standard , is worth it . 
steam fresh so brought hot hot hot to your tabl . 
the wait here is long for dim sum , but if you do n't like share tabl or if the typic raucou dim sum atmospher is not your gig , thi is a sleek -lrb- for chinatown -rrb- altern . 
A few tip : skip the turnip cake , roast pork bun and egg custard . 
these are overpr and you can get better just around the corner : . 
-lrb- 1 -rrb- turnip cake at the littl kiosk on east side of mott st. just south of bayard . 
-lrb- 2 -rrb- egg custard and pork bun at either bakeri on west side of mott street just south of canal . 
after pass by thi restaur for sometim I final decid to go in and have dinner . 
I wa pleasantli supris . 
the food wa except . 
the menu consist of standard brassier food , better then place like balthazar etc. . 
I choos to go with one of the special , the brais lamb shank in red wine , which wa excel . 
the servic wa friendli and the atmospher wa casual . 
the restaur is a bit noisi but that is someth that can be overlook onc you sit down and enjoy a great meal . 
thi littl place ha a cute interior decor and afford citi price . 
the pad se ew chicken wa delici , howev the pad thai wa far too oili . 
i would just ask for no oil next time . 
have eaten at ginger hous sever time , and it 's alway good . 
the fri dumpl are great ! 
final a reliabl chines restaur ! 
thi place would be so much better serv by be run by a group that actual understand custom servic . 
the onli thing you can do here is walk in and eat ... but plan an event , especi a small , intim one , forget about it . 
they are not help in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date roll around you will not onli regret chose thi place , but also becom hostil ! 
nobodi at thi restaur will give firm answer about anyth and in the end , not one person take respons for anyth . 
terribl , terribl manag - deserv to be shut-down . 
never fail to pleas . 
delici bagel , especi when right out of the oven . 
spread and top are great - though a bit pricey . 
servic is fast and friendli . 
onli drawback - they wo n't toast your bagel , and they do n't make egg for the bagel . 
but that is highli forgiv . 
been there , done that , and new york , it 's not that big a deal . 
the food is decent at best , and the ambienc , well , it 's a matter of opinion , some may consid it to be a sweet thing , I thought it wa just annoy . 
If celebr make you sweat , then your in for a ride , but if your like most around these part then you 'll just yawn and wonder what with all the hype . 
rao is a good restaur , but it 's noth special . 
I 've eaten at mani differ indian restaur . 
but after last night , spice grill is the onli place I 'm eat indian cuisin . 
you must tri the shrimp appet . 
even my indian friend could n't believ how good and tasti everyth wa . 
thi place ha the the correct ambienc and an excel staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time . 
great food , great price , great servic . 
If you are look for a good qualiti , cheap eat - thi is the place . 
it 's a perfect place to have a amanz indian food . 
I realli love the differ and inov touch that 's the cheff give to the food . 
also it 's great to have dinner in a veri romant and confort place , the servic it 's just perfect ... they 're so frendli that we never want to live the place ! 
I love ess-a-bagel , but I live on the west side , so I often go to murray 's for conveni . 
their bagel are fine , but they are a littl overcook , and not realli a ` special ' bagel experi . 
better than the bagel shop on the corner , but not worth go out of your way for , in my opinion . 
also a littl more expens than your averag bagel place . 
great bagel made the old-fashion way . 
the appet is excel - just a good a zabar barney greengrass at a reason price -lrb- if bought by the pound -rrb- . 
drawback : servic is slow and they do n't toast ! 
the food wa absolut amaz !! 
the bake clam octopu we share a appet were the best we 've ever had !! 
the lamb wa tender so full of flavor , the dessert wa divin !! 
the waiter wa attent . 
the place itself is beauti the bar scene seem to be happen . 
downtown dinner 2002 - prix fix : appet were ok , waiter gave me poor suggest ... tri the potato stuff kanish best one . 
small serv for main entre , i had salmon -lrb- wasnt impress -rrb- girlfriend had chicken , it wa good . 
dessert is a joke ... dont bother . 
volar virgin or weekli regular , everyon get treat the same and you ca n't ask for more than that when the servic is thi friendli . 
the restaur ha a famili feel , not least with regard to the portion which are enorm ; the veal alon could have single-handedli solv third world famin . 
the anti-pasta wa excel , especi the calamari , a were the fill pasta main . 
the wine list is extens and can easili hike up an otherwis reason price meal . 
still , ani quibbl about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measur of liquer which were courtesey of the hous ... . 
fantast place . 
cute and decor . 
A pleasant surpris . 
Go there to relax and feel like your somewher els . 
lucki strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat . 
yeah the crowd can take it a bit serious , but it should n't . 
great food , great decor , great servic . 
I recommend it ! 
just ignor the trendi wannab . 
thi is the perfect spot for meet friend , have lunch , dinner , pre-theatr or after-theatr drink ! 
-lrb- alway ask the bartend for the season beer !!! 
guarante to be a tasti experi ! -rrb- 
excel spot for holiday get togeth with co-work or friend that you have n't seen in a while . 
I have been do all of the abov at the heartland breweri for over 5 year now and I have never been disappoint ! 
all the peopl that I bring there go back on their own and bring their friend ! 
Go there onc and oh ye ... you will go back ... you will ... . 
what a great place ! 
not the typic nyc gimmick theme restaur . 
A cool bar with great food , and ton of excel beer . 
and even with it 's pub atmospher they were great to my kid too ! 
love it ! 
out of the hundr of italian restaur in queen , thi is among the best . 
the shrimp scampi wa excel and the antipasti were plenti . 
It is expens but well worth the money . 
If you ventur off the island of manhattan and ca n't seem to find a great italian restaur , drive to corona . 
the onli thing more wonder than the food -lrb- which is except -rrb- is the servic . 
the onli thing the waiter do n't do for you is wipe your chin when you leav . 
wonder at holiday time . 
cozi romant atomospher with onli around 15 tabl at most . 
servic wa veri prompt but slightli rush . 
food wa veri good , but not what I would consid out of thi world . 
Go here for a romant dinner but not for an all out wow dine experi . 
My friend from milan and myself were pleasantli surpris when we arriv and everyon spoke italian . 
too bad the food wa n't of the same heritag . 
the porcini mushroom pasta special wa tasteless , so wa the seafood tagliatel . 
A real dissapoint . 
but that wa n't the ice on the cake : a tiramisu that resembl noth I have ever had . 
they should have call it mascarpon with chocol chips-good but a far cri from what the name impli . 
price at upper intermedi rang . 
I realli like thi place . 
everyth I had wa good , and I 'm a eater . 
It wa pretti inexpens too . 
thi place ha the best chines style bbq rib in the citi . 
I also recommend the rice dish or the differ varieti of conge -lrb- rice porridg -rrb- . 
It 's great to go for a quick lunch either alon or with a friend . 
It 's defin not a place to go if you want to impress someon . 
howev , if you want great food at a great price and do n't mind the decor , you ca n't beat thi place . 
quick and friendli servic . 
thi is one of the best comfort food place in the citi . 
It 's somewher you can eat and be happi . 
when I 'm feel stress by the nois and congest around my offic , I head for cafe st. bart 's . 
when you 're sit in their main dine room -lrb- which ha a spectacular , hand-paint high ceil -rrb- you 'd never know there wa a world outsid . 
the food is wonder , tasti and fill , and the servic is profession and friendli . 
I ca n't wait for summer , when they serv outsid on their gigant patio . 
ahhh ... . 
I recent tri suan and I thought that it wa great . 
thi littl place definit exceed my expect and you sure get a lot of food for your money . 
the servic wa fast and friendli and the food wa veri tasti and they had the best hot sauc to add to your meal . 
I have to say that I am pleasantli supris and I will most like stop in again if I am in the neighborhood . 
they all know you . 
good food . 
good drink . 
how do you rate home ? 
I have never had cheescak like thi . 
I thought I had die and gone to heaven . 
great spot , whether look for a coupl of drink or quiet dinner . 
warm and friendli in the winter and terrif outdoor seat in the warmer month . 
the food is great and they have a good selecion of wine at reason price . 
have been sever time and it never dissapoint . 
after hear a lot of great thing about the restaur , and pass by it on a daili basi , we decid to tri . 
We were le than impress . 
while the ambianc and atmospher were great , the food and servic could have been a lot better . 
We order the chicken casserol , but what we got were a few small piec of chicken , all dark meat and on the bone . 
probabl would not go again ... . 
i 've been to sapphir twice and both time the food wa fine , if not good . 
stick with the chicken , beef , and lamb dish . 
i do n't usual order wine with indian so i ca n't comment on their wine list or their wine . 
instead order an ice cold beer which to me work with indian . 
servic is friendli , and never had a problem walk in and get a tabl . 
i would recommend reserv on weekend though . 
skip dessert . 
best reuben sandwich ever ! 
A classic ! 
Do n't miss bloom 's on your next trip to manhatten . 
It wa the first place we ate on our first trip to new york , and it will be the last place we stop a we head out of town on our next trip to new york . 
thank bloom 's for a love trip . 
As a fan of thai , I have tri quit a few differ restaur in nyc and thi one wa definit the worst . 
the food wa not fresh , the sauc were bland and veri oili . 
It just wa n't thai . 
went to ottimo and wa expect outstand pizza -lrb- a I love La pizza fresca -rrb- . 
wa surprisingli disappoint . 
pizza wa a littl soggi . 
ravioli wa good ... but I have to say that I found everyth a bit overpr . 
not enough wine by the glass either . 
servic , howev , wa excel ... and I like the setting/atmospher a lot . 
food wa just averag ... if they lower the price just a bit , it would be a bigger draw . 
thi place is a great bargain . 
authent pakistani food . 
peopl are alway friendli . 
Do n't wast money on decor . 
just straight up cheap , good food . 
faan is sooo good . 
the best pad thai i 've ever had . 
the design and atmospher is just a good . 
bottl of wine are cheap and good . 
what more could you want ? 
the food wa actual awe . 
I 'm not picki - but it wa actual gross . 
the mussl were the fishiest thing I 've ever tast , the seabass wa bland , the goat chees salad wa miss the goat chees , the penn w / chicken had bone in it ... It wa disgust . 
nice atmospher , the servic wa veri pleasant and the desert wa good . 
would n't recomend it for dinner ! 
thi is the perfect date spot for williamsburg coupl . 
the jukebox play everyth from italian opera to the stroke . 
the food is amaz , rich pasta and fresh doughi pizza . 
best of all is the warm vibe , the owner is super friendli and servic is fast . 
If onli they deliv , they 'd make a mint ! 
go here for the drink ! 
especi dure happi hour ! 
enough said ! 
the drink are amaz and half off till 8pm . 
ask for usha , the nicest bartend in manhattan . 
My fav wa the sassi lassi ... . 
thi is an amaz place to tri some roti roll . 
I realli recommend the veri simpl unda -lrb- egg -rrb- roll . 
delic spice , onion , egg and a kick-ass roti . 
amaz ! 
toon ha recent been redon , so it 's now a veri attract space . 
the food 's a good a ever . 
In an area sadli lack in decent thai food , thi is one of the best spot . 
went here last night - nice decor , good servic , but the food wa surprisingli excel . 
the portion are huge , so it might be good to order three thing to split -lrb- rather than one appet and entre per person -rrb- for two peopl . 
among all of the new 5th avenu restaur , thi offer by far one of the best valu for your money . 
Ca n't wait to go back . 
best drumstick over rice and sour spici soup in town ! 
beef noodl soup is good a well . 
the servic is good and the restur is clean . 
best taiwanes food in NY ! 
I have been to rao 's probabl 15 time the past 3 year and it keep get better . 
for those that go onc and do n't enjoy it , all I can say is that they just do n't get it . 
rao 's ha the best servic and atmospher in nyc . 
good luck get a tabl . 
My roommat and I love thi place . 
We recent decid to tri thi locat , and to our delight , they have outdoor seat , perfect sinc I had my yorki with me . 
indoor wa veri cozi and cute . 
the portion size here are huge , and the sushi is good . 
while it 's not nobu , it sure is a great deal and you definit will leav feel satisfi and full . 
staff is veri accomod . 
excel dumpl serv amid clean , chic decor . 
I got the $ 10 10-piec dim sum combo , everi bite of which wa great . 
but $ 1 for each small piec ??? 
not worth it . 
I wo n't go back unless someon els is foot the bill . 
I came here with my boyfriend for our anniversari becaus it wa highli recommend to him by a friend . 
the decor is veri simpl but comfort . 
the food wa delici but do not come here on a empti stomach . 
the portion are small but be that the food wa so good make up for that . 
you must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of thi world and the chocol bread pud for dessert . 
the staff there is veri attent and down to earth . 
I love it and would go again . 
great indian food and the servic is incred . 
the owner truli cater to all your need . 
when famili came in he gave them app to test their palet , and then order for them . 
everyon wa more then happi with hi choic . 
great food and the price are veri reason . 
obvious the chines translat of thi place doe not mean big wong , it actual mean great prosper . 
the food here doe a great servic to the name -lrb- cantones that is ... -rrb- . 
I fell in love with the egg noodl in the beef broth with shrimp dumpl and slice of bbq roast pork . 
thi dish is my favorit and I alway get it when I go there and never get tire of it . 
tri the conge and the donut like deep fri dough they call Ow ley soh , a delici and sweet tast bread . 
simpli some good tast chines food at incred price ... . 
servic is not what you are come here for ... . 
just make sure my ice water is kept full and my tea kettl fill with pipe hot tea and that 's all the servic I need ... . 
big wong is a great place to eat and fill your stomach . 
thi place ... we stumbl upon it on labor day weekend . 
whoever the jazz duo wa , they were on point . 
good music , great food , speedi servic afford price . 
even the wine by the glass wa good . 
it a littl out of the way if you do n't live in the neighborhood , but definit worth the trip from wherev you are . 
consist good japanes tapa . 
same owner a the guy who own typhoon , which is just down the street on st. mark and 1st ave. . 
alway good drink and servic is pretti good ; . 
atmospher is nice and relax too ... . 
A great place to meet up for some food and drink ... . 
yakitori -lrb- bbq meat -rrb- is tasti too . 
It 's also attach to angel 's share , which is a cool , more romant bar ... . 
just move to the neighborhood and we 've been tri all the west villag sushi restaur . 
If you do n't mind pre-slic low qualiti fish , unfriendli staff and a sushi chef that look like he is miser then thi is your place . 
price and qualiti of fish alon will keep u from make a return visit . 
wa n't go to share but I feel oblig ... while sit at the sushi bar dine we watch the chef accident drop a piec of unagi on the floor and upon retriev it from the floor proceed to use the piec in the deliveri order he wa prepar . 
No thank !!! 
thi place , which is onli a few month old , is perhap queen ' biggest secret ! 
fabul decor - make you feel like you 're in a trendi manhattan restaur , veri veri good food , cheaply-pr , gener friendli staff , and if you 're a manhattanit , or spend most of your time in manhattan , rice avenu will make you feel at home ... veri soho/village/upp west side minu the expens price and pretenti clientel ... all on roosevelt avenu ! 
We were seat outsid and the waiter spill red wine and hot tea on myself and my date . 
We were then shoo insid . 
one would think we 'd get an apolog or complimentari drink - instead , we got a snobbi waiter would n't even take our order for 15 minut and gave u lip when we ask him to do so . 
We left , never to return . 
with so mani good restaur on the uw , I do n't need overpr food , absurdli arrog wait-staff who do n't recogn they work at a glorifi diner , clumsi servic , and manag that doe n't care . 
I am rel new to the area and tri pick a bgel on 2nd and wa disappoint with the servic and I thought the food wa over and on the pricey side . 
If you are in the area tri the bagel shopp on 74th street which is 3 block away on 2nd ave. . 
great bagel , spread and a good place to hang out in . 
you fella abov say it the best taiwanes restaur in town . 
howev it is the onli taiwanes restaur in town . 
the food is okay and the price here are mediocr . 
you ca n't say it cheap becaus food is cheaper in chinatown . 
they 're are better taiwanes restaur and they are locat in flush , queen . 
baluchi 's ha solid food and a nice decor at reason price . 
the onli problem is that the manag is a complet incompet . 
He offer subpar servic and ha no person . 
In fact , it appear he is go to go postal at ani moment . 
skip thi locat and go to the one in soho . 
there is no excus for such lousi servic ! 
I have never befor eaten 40 piec of rel good nigiri . 
stuf yourself with japanes food is a rare thing . 
you can do it here . 
$ 20 for all you can eat sushi can not be beaten . 
I went to areo on a sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriend , and spent three enjoy hour there . 
the restaur wa pack at first , so we wait at the bar for about 20 minut befor we were seat . 
most of the server are veri attent , friendli and quit attract . 
the atmospher wa mostli of an older crowd , but there were a few group of mid 20 's / 30 year old also . 
the vibe is veri relax and cozi , servic wa great and the food wa excel ! 
Me and my girl will definit go back . 
food wa good and the view of the new york citi skilin wa terrif even on a foggi raini day like that of when I went . 
I would highli recommand request a tabl by the window . 
although they do the typic what kind of water would you like question the servic wa good and overal veri relax to place to eat . 
I 've eaten at pizza gruppo a few time , but more often I order deliveri . 
the food is great . 
person pan are the perfect size for those hungri night . 
I heartili recommend . 
there is a downsid if you 're order in -- the deliveri guy have major attitud . 
never have I had such dramat deliveri guy -lrb- a lot of huf and pant and mutter under breath b/c I live in a walkup -rrb- who alway seem disappoint with their tip . 
hey , I think $ 2 + for a 5 block walk ai n't bad . 
love the scene first off - the place ha a charact and nice light to it ... veri fortun , locat wise . 
the pizza wa pretti good and huge . 
the price veri reason . 
We were 4 and got the famili size penn a la vodka which wa tremend gigant portion ... a bucket of food liter . 
We got most of it back at home with u . 
I would say that all wa fine and tasti but the heavi on my stomach somet that i ca n't not mention or undermin . 
the pasta penn wa pretti extra butteri , creami which mean a big task to diggest ... tasti at first but i would say that i wa full with a slice of pizza and 7 to count , penn ... got a littl moodi afterward caus wa stuf ... lol . 
No , realli . 
I have eaten a lot of pizza here . 
La rosa waltz in , and I think they are do it the best . 
interest select , good wine , servic fine , fun decor . 
I have been twice to thi restaur . 
I love it . 
I plan on stop by next week a well . 
I found it on a cold night , the perfect spot to warm up . 
I reciev prompt servic with a smile . 
To me it exemplifi soho , cute , artsi , interest . 
defin check it out !!! 
thi place blew me away ... by far my new favorit restaur on the uppereast side . 
the wine list is extens and impress . 
love the atmospher - felt like I wa in pari . 
the mussel were fantast and so wa the dessert ... definit go to be back veri soon . 
I just read mocaramel 's review and felt compel to respond . 
I have been come here for year and have noth but good thing to say about the servic and the great staff at La lanterna . 
over the year the host , vittorio , and hi crew , have alway treat me a famili -- although with all the busi thi not-so-littl gem doe , it amaz he 's even abl to rememb a consist but not-so-frequ visitor . 
I 've also been amaz at all the new addit in the past few year : A new jazz bar , the most fantast dine garden , the best thin crust pizza , and now a lasagna menu which is to die for -lrb- these are not your averag lasagna -rrb- ! 
I love thi place ! 
keep up the good work guy ! 
My girlfiend and I ate at o.g. again last night . 
I have to say I have never had a disapoint meal here . 
We could have made a meal of the yummi dumpl from the dumpl menu . 
luckili we save room for the bbq salmon , sea bass and crispi duck . 
We got a littl tipsi from the sake but is n't that what saturday night with the girlfriend are all about ? 
love Al Di La . 
I recommend thi place to everyon . 
great food . 
one of my favorit place in brooklyn . 
the pasta are incred , the risotto -lrb- particularli the sepia -rrb- are fantast and the brais rabbit is amaz . 
overpr and not tasti . 
the food here wa mediocr at best . 
It wa total overpr - fish and chip wa about $ 15 ... . 
there are so mani other great place to go to eat and drink ... thi place is not worth it ... . 
tasti dog ! 
An awesom organ dog , and a consciou eco friendli establish . 
one of the best hot dog I have ever eaten . 
Ca n't wait to go back . 
the cypriot restaur ha a lot go for it . 
but the best pork souvlaki I ever had is the main thing . 
trust me . 
run do n't walk . 
super yummi pizza ! 
I wa visit new york citi with a friend and we discov thi realli warm and invit restaur . 
I looov their eggplant pizza , a well a their pasta ! 
We had half/half pizza , mine wa eggplant and my friend had the buffalo and it wa sooo huge for a small size pizza ! 
We had fun eat in there , we were there like around 3 a.m. in the morn ! 
will comeback for sure , wish they have it here in la. . 
excel food , although the interior could use some help . 
the space kind of feel like an alic in wonderland set , without it tri to be that . 
I paid just about $ 60 for a good meal , though :-rrb- . 
great sake ! 
reliabl , fresh sushi . 
My husband and I take out from here 3-4 time a month . 
the sashimi is alway fresh and the roll are innov and delici . 
have never had a problem with servic save a miss rice onc . 
deliveri can be spot on or lack depend on the weather and the day of the week . 
deliveri guy sometim get upset if you do n't tip more than 10 % . 
We 've found it to be better and fresher than kiku which is compar in price . 
best ... sushi ... ever . 
thi place ha ruin me for neighborhood sushi . 
creativ , consist , fresh . 
excel sashimi , and the millennium roll is beyond delici . 
not cheap but veri yummi . 
love it . 
veri , veri nice . 
the place is a bit hidden away , but onc you get there , it 's all worth it . 
not onli is the food . 
love It . 
My wife and I went to water 's edg for a romant dinner . 
We had a veri nice time . 
the waiter wa attent , the food wa delici and the view of the citi were great . 
I 'd definit go back again . 
great place to relax and enjoy your dinner . 
there is someth about their atmospher that make me come back nearli everi week . 
place is open till late , no dress code . 
good food : my favorit is the seafood spaghetti . 
highli recommend ! 
excel food for great price . 
My husband and I have been sold on thi from the first visit . 
the wait staff is veri courteou and accomod . 
the space is limit so be prepar to wait up to 45 minut - 1 hour , but be richli reward when you savor the delici indo-chines food . 
there are no neg to speak of . 
the bestt ! 
my favorit place lol . 
i love their chicken pasta cant rememb the name but is sooo good . 
it alright . 
im not necessarili fanat about thi place , but it wa a fun time for low pirc . 
lobster wa good , noth spectacular . 
it just a fun place to go , not a five star restaraunt . 
way below averag . 
I think the pizza is so overr and wa under cook . 
had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attent . 
would never go back . 
I love thi place . 
I wa n't here for the pizza so I ca n't comment on that yet but what I had wa veri good . 
the servic wa quick and friendli . 
everyon wa smile so that made me feel welcom . 
I thought the restaur wa nice and clean . 
I order the vitello alla marsala and I wa pretti impress . 
the veal and the mushroom were cook perfectli . 
the potato ball were not dri at all ... in fact it wa butteri . 
the onli downsid ... they onli take cash which is OK if you know about it ahead of time . 
I 'll be back for sure . 
worst place ON smith street IN brooklyn . 
veri immatur bartend , didnt know how to make specif drink , servic wa so slowwwww , the food wa not fresh or warm , waitress were busi flirt with men at the bar and werent veri attent to all the custom . 
I would never recommend thi place to anybodi even for a casual dinner . 
awesom . 
the food is alway fresh ... . 
overpr japanes food with mediocr servic . 
went here on sat 1/26 and wa disappoint . 
chicken teriyaki had tomato or pimento on top ?? 
food wa luke warm . 
the waitress wa not attent at all . 
I wa look for banana tempura for dessert and they dont have . 
too mani other good place to have to settl . 
not becaus you are `` the four season '' ... -- you are allow to charg an arm and a leg for a romat dinner . 
the food wa excel a well a servic , howev , I left the four season veri dissappoint . 
I do not think dinner in manhattan should cost $ 400.00 where I am not swept off my foot . 
red dragon roll - my favorit thing to eat , of ani food group - hand down . 
just go to yamato and order the red dragon roll . 
If you do n't like it , I do n't know what to tell you . 
the seafood dynamit is also otherworldli . 
I 'm not even go to bother to describ it ; it speak for itself . 
favorit sushi in nyc . 
I have eaten at some of the ` best ' sushi joint in nyc -lrb- nobu , bond street , jewelbako , etc -rrb- and yamato is my favorit . 
An unpretenti spot in park slope , the sushi is consist good , the servic is pleasant , effect and unassum . 
In the summer month , the back garden area is realli nice . 
the roll are creativ and I have yet to find anoth sushi place that serf up more invent yet delici japanes food . 
the danc , white river and millenium roll are must . 
SO good . 
I can eat here everi day OF the week realli lol love thi place ... -rrb- . 
gross food -- wow - . 
I ca n't rememb the last time I had such gross food in new york . 
My quesadilla tast like it had been made by a three-year old with no sens of proport or flavor . 
and $ 11 for a plate of bland guacamol ? 
come on . 
Do n't get me start on the margarita , either . 
mine tast like the bartend had forgotten to add the tequila . 
realli , I find it rather scandal that such a crappi restaur attract such crowd -- thi , in the citi of a million restaur , at least 9/10 of which are way better than thi one . 
save your money and your time and go somewher els . 
Oh , and I never write review -- I just wa so move by how bad thi place wa , I felt it wa my duti to spread the word . 
great indian food ! 
thi place wa reccomend to me by a friend . 
when I got there the place wa pack but they made sure to seat me quickli . 
the food wa good , the place wa clean and afford . 
I notic alot of indian peopl eat there which is a great sign for an indian place ! 
thi is one of my favorit spot , veri relax the food is great all the time , celebr my engag and my wed here , it wa veri well organ . 
the staff is veri good . 
love their drink menu . 
I highli recommend thi beauti place . 
nice for one time special occas . 
went for mom 's birthday brunch/lunch . 
they honor reserv on sunday afternoon veri well . 
Be awar . 
We were offer water for the tabl but were not told the voss bottl of water were $ 8 a piec . 
food wa OK . 
nice view of river and nyc . 
I come here enjoy veri much with husband . 
remind me of home . 
great survic . 
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm so delici . 
A beauti design dreami egyptian restaur that get sceney at night . 
watch the talent belli dancer a you enjoy delici baba ganoush that 's more lemoni than smoki . 
Oh , and there 's hookah . 
raymond the bartend rock ! 
pacifico is a great place to casual hang out . 
the drink are great , especi when made by raymond . 
the omlett for brunch is great ... . 
the spinach is fresh , defin not frozen ... . 
quacamol at pacifico is yummi , a are the wing with chimmichuri . 
A weak is the chicken in the salad . 
It 's just averag , just shred , no season on it . 
also , I person wa n't a fan of the portobello and asparagu mole . 
overal , decent food at a good price , with friendli peopl . 
best indian restaur in the citi . 
decor need to be upgrad but the food is amaz ! 
thi small astoria souvlaki spot make what mani consid the best gyro in new york . 
small , bright , and clean , BZ grill stand apart from the usual run of gyro joint , both in astoria and out . 
what realli make it shine is the food , which is aggress season with cyrpriot spice , and all made in-hous -lrb- even the gyro meat and sausag -rrb- , and made of much higher qualiti ingredi that might otherwis be expect . 
all the variou greek and cypriot dish are excel , but the gyro is the reason to come -- if you do n't eat one your trip wa wast . 
best restaur in brooklyn . 
the best ! 
great food , amaz servic , thi place is a class act . 
the veal wa incred last night . 
fresh , mind blow flavor . 
thi place is a must visit ! 
you want to have a real hot dog in brooklyn ? 
skip nathan 's ... you can get that at the mall ... go to bark . 
delici , creativ and fun . 
got a date ... Go here ! 
everi time I have a special occas with my boyfriend I have a hard time go anywher els . 
It is so romant . 
it dark , and cozi ... there is alway jazz music play when we go . 
most of the booth allow you to sit next to eachoth without look like ` that ' coupl . 
the food is all share so we get to order togeth and eat togeth . 
I 've enjoy 99 % of the dish we 've order with the onli except be the occasion too-authentic-for-m dish -lrb- I 'm a dare eater but not that dare -rrb- . 
onc you tri it for a special occas bewar ... you ca n't stop ! 
you 'll be ther for everi anniversari , birthday , valentin day ... . 
for a fabul wed ! 
My daughter 's wed recept at water 's edg receiv the highest compliment from our guest . 
everyon rave about the atmospher -lrb- eleg room and absolut incompar view -rrb- and the fabul food ! 
servic wa wonder ; . 
everyon wa cheer cooper and help . 
paul , the maitr d' , wa total profession and alway on top of thing . 
thank you everyon at water 's edg . 
ruth , mother of the bride . 
would not go back . 
servic ok but unfriendli , filthi bathroom . 
the high price you 're go to pay is for the view not for the food . 
the bar drink were Eh , ok to say the least . 
the stuff tilapia wa horrid ... tast like cardboard . 
We thought the dessert would be better , wrong ! 
$ 170 down the toilet ... . 
oh speak of bathroom , the men bathroom wa disgust . 
the floor wa wet , the trash can fill with hand towel n all over the floor , no soap , and no hand towel left . 
Go to son cubano in edgewat nj instead . 
good experi . 
dure our trip to nyc , we made reserv to dine in the pool room of the four season for their pre-theat menu -lrb- offer a modifi menu for $ 65 pp -rrb- . 
the wine list wa extens - though the staff did not seem knowledg about wine pair . 
the bread we receiv wa horribl - rock hard and cold - and the `` free '' appet of oliv wa disappoint . 
howev , our main cours wa wonder . 
I had fish and my husband had the filet - both of which exceed our expect . 
the dessert -lrb- we had a pear tort -rrb- wa good - but , onc again , the staff wa unabl to provid appropri drink suggest . 
when we inquir about port - the waitress list off sever but did not know tast variat or cost . 
not what I would expect for the price and prestig of thi locat . 
all in all , I would return - a it wa a beauti restaur - but I hope the staff pay more attent to the littl detail in the futur . 
short and sweet -- seat is great : it 's romant , cozi and privat . 
the both are not a small a some of the review make them out to look they 're perfect for 2 peopl . 
the servic wa extrem fast and attent -lrb- thank to the servic button on your tabl -rrb- but I bare understood 1 word when the waiter took our order . 
the food wa ok and fair noth to go crazi . 
over . 
over all the look of the place exce the actual meal . 
So what you realli end up pay for is the restaur not the food . 
will probabl not return but it is a great din experi to tri atleast onc . 
impress ... . 
subtl food and servic . 
noodl pud is exactli the type of servic and food I enjoy . 
server are all differ , greg is my favorit . 
sometim tabl do n't understand hi sens of humor but it 's refresh to have a server who ha person , profession , and respect the privaci of your dinner . 
thi is the first place I 've been that a runner rememb my order ... hope he like hi job becaus I have half a mind to steal him for my restaur . 
price are fair across the board for both food and bev . 
I go out to eat and like my cours , server are patient and never rush cours or forc anoth drink . 
restaur in manhattan should tri to model food and servic after thi place . 
amaz fresh dog but best of all endless top !!! 
thi place had all the trim and i mean all . 
pepper , onion , relish , chilli , chees , you name it . 
amaz fun for hot dog lover of all age pleas do yourself a favor and check thi place out !!!! 
best dine experi IN the west villag ! 
step into casa La femm last night wa a true experi unlik ani other in new york ! 
highli impress from the decor to the food to the hospit to the great night I had ! 
the have a great cocktail with citru vodka and lemon and lime juic and mint leaf that is to die for ! 
food took some time to prepar , all worth wait for . 
We were drawn into the belli danc show that captiv the crowd . 
I never write on these site but thi restaur is def worth commend ! 
great find in the west villag ! 
maggot in the food ! 
I 've been want to go to thi place forev and final got a tabl . 
the menu look great , and the waiter wa veri nice , but when the food came , it wa averag . 
nevertheless , I finish my plate , and that 's when I found a maggot in mushroom sauc at the bottom . 
I show it to the manag , and he smilingli apolog and brought u two free dessert -lrb- but did not ask u what we want and so brought the last two dessert we would have ask for -rrb- . 
when the bill came , noth wa comp , so I told the manag veri polit that we were will to pay for the wine , but I did n't think I should have to pay for food with a maggot in it . 
ye , I ate the food , but I certainli would not have if I had seen the maggot befor eat , and I wa at thi point fairli sick to my stomach . 
the manag final said he would comp the two glass of wine -lrb- which cost le than the food -rrb- , and made it seem like a big concess . 
We paid and left becaus we did n't feel like argu ani more . 
I have work in restaur and cook a lot , and there is no way a maggot should be abl to get into well prepar food . 
for a restaur with such a good reput and that is usual so pack , there wa no reason for such a lack of intellig custom servic . 
A fairli late entri into the haut barnyard sweepstak , flatbush farm is n't in the same leagu a the blue hill or even the farm on adderli of the world , but it 's pretti good , albeit with a somewhat dismal set . 
unhygien . 
I do not recommend . 
I went there 2time . 
I got hair in my food 2 time of then ! 
great place , great valu . 
the food is flavor , plenti and reason price . 
the atmospher is relax and casual . 
It 's a great place to order from or sit-in . 
awesom . 
inexpens , unassum , great time ! 
sushi experi wa unbeliev with my fianc . 
tri it ! 
veri pleas . 
good creativ roll ! 
yamato is an excel place to go if your not into sashimi , or if you have friend who doesnt like sushi much . 
they have great roll , the tripl color and norwegetan roll , are awesom and fill . 
one special roll and one regular roll is enough to fill you up , but save room for dessert ! 
they have a delici banana chocol dessert , a well a a great green tea tempura . 
the appet are also delici ! 
amaz food . 
maze interior . 
great food ! 
I 've had my fair share of modern japanes and thi spot deliv . 
the atmospher wa pretti nice but had a bit lack , which it tri to make up for with a crazi scheme of mirror . 
If you 're into be lost when you 're just five foot from your tabl then hey , that 's a good thing . 
despit the confus mirror thi will like be my go-to for modern japanes food for the forese futur . 
anoth review here claim the pre-fix wa $ 29/per person includ sake but it is $ 55 per person not includ sake . 
indo chines food , pretti good ... . 
not a veri fanci place but veri good chines style indian food . 
the chicken lollipop is my favorit , most of the dish -lrb- I have to agre with a previou review -rrb- are quit oili and veri spici , espeic the chilli chicken . 
My mom origin introduc me to thi place , but even she -lrb- be indian -rrb- feel the food can be somewhat over the top spici and far too oili . 
still we keep go back :-rrb- . 
I wa speechless by the horribl food . 
I attend a holiday dinner at the restaur , and the food wa majorli disappoint . 
rather than eat the meat entre be offer , I request a vegetarian dish . 
rather than prepar vegetarian dish , the chef present me with a plate of steam veget -lrb- minu sauc , season , or ani form or aesthet present -rrb- . 
I wa so stun , and I left the dinner hungri and majorli disappoint . 
thi place surviv on reput alon . 
I will never return . 
best In all of nyc . 
thi is the most wonder restaur in all of new york citi , not just brooklyn ... . 
for 7 year they have put out the most tasti , most delici food and kept it that way ... . 
never sway , never a bad meal , never bad servic ... . 
I 'm tell you ... . 
you should travel from the bronx to tri it ... . 
great food , great wine list , great servic in a great neighborhood ... . 
so delici !!!!!! 
patsi 's pizza = true love . 
hand down the best pizza on the planet . 
My bf and I go to the walk-up counter and order a pie . 
In about 12 minut , the thing is gone . 
need I say more ? 
great hot dog ... . 
the hot dog were juici and tender insid and had plenti of crunch and snap on the outsid . 
great top definit a place you need to check out for late night munchi or a mid day boost ! 
great tast . 
great , origin tast . 
for me dish a littl oili , but overal dine experi good . 
help servic and averag price per dish $ 10 . 
the onli thing that strike you is the decor -lrb- not veri pleasant -rrb- . 
great food . 
thi place ha great indian chines food . 
the flavor are amaz and the valu is phenomen . 
Be prepar to wait , becaus the place is pretti tini . 
also , they do not take credit card so come with cash ! 
even though the place is not beauti , the food speak for itself . 
best indian chines in the citi , by far ! 
amaz MY favorit !!! 
I have been live in nyc for bit now and I have to say I love to go out and explor the scene . 
I came across villag underground by accid , now I go there all the time . 
the martini are amaz and veri fairli price . 
the servic IS amaz , i 've had differ waiter and they were all nice , which is a rare thing in nyc . 
the DJ is awesom , I have been there for my birthday and a bunch of other time with friend and I keep go back . 
you can get a tabl without a reserv if you get there earli I they do n't make you by bottl . 
which let face it ... at time it 's a good thing . 
In the end you end up with a fair tab and noth but A great time !!! 
highli recommend ! 
one of the best , if not the best , restaur in park slope -lrb- and NY in gener -rrb- . 
everyth on the menu is great . 
thi establish is the real deal . 
wish NY had more of these kind of place : intim , superb food , homey , top notch all the way around , certainli worth the wait . 
there is `` expensive-but-worth-it '' and there is `` expensive-and-wtf '' ? 
thi is a twenty-someth guy that doe n't mind lay down $ 300 for a fine and delici meal for 2 on special occass . 
but $ 500 for a dinner for two that did n't includ wine ? 
are you freak kid me ? 
look , the appet were realli good . 
the entre wa also veri good . 
Ca n't argu about that , but they are clearli over price . 
what you are pay for is the environ and the name . 
ye , the place is classi and beauti , but they most certainli target the uber whealthi not the common joe that want to go all out everi onc in a while . 
$ 500 includ : . 
drink : 2 glass of dom perignon at $ 35 each . 
starter : kobe beef sashimi . 
which of cours is not real kobe but wagyu beef . 
surpris that a place of thi calib would advertis it a kobe . 
A beef consomm . 
entre : vanison steak and bison steak . 
vanison wa good but not amaz . 
bison wa quit excel howev . 
dessert : pure disast . 
just not good at all . 
some pineappl cover in a glaze of some kind and some pear tart thing not impress at all . 
I read review that call the restaur too expens and I thought to myself , but may be it is worth it . 
I wa wrong . 
the four season ha histori and it is a sort of landmark of new york citi restaur , but trust me , they will charg you through the nose just so that you can say `` I 've been to the four season restaur '' . 
I want to go there to see if it wa worth it and sadli , curious got the best of me and I paid dearli for it . 
all in all , the food wa great -lrb- except for the desssert -rrb- . 
the environ is veri upscal and you will see a lot of rich guy with trophi wife or just highli paid escort . 
If you are go for the food , it will not be worth it . 
ye , it is good , but I 've had better for cheaper . 
you would think they would make up for it with servic , sadli , no . 
servic wa just ok , it is not what you 'd expect for $ 500 . 
terribl wast of money ... scammer . 
I agre that dine at casa La femm is like no other dine experi ! 
but not in a good way . 
I am actual offend to have spent so much money on such a bad experi . 
I liter just got back home after visit casa La femm and wa so offend by my visit felt it necessari to tri and warn other diner who valu their money and time . 
We went to celebr two birthday and want to do someth special and differ . 
our visit their to say the least , wa an unpleas and costli experi ! 
and even more so unpleas becaus it wa so costli for such an unpleas experi . 
We did arriv late for our reserv so I can not complain too much about the wait for a tabl . 
although we were told 10-15 minut and it wa more like 45 minut . 
We were usher to the bar to wait momentarili and upon arriv were so excit . 
the place is beauti ! 
the hostess wa veri pleasant . 
howev , our $ 14 drink were were horribl ! 
onc we final got a tabl , despit indic we want an alla cart menu we were push into a tabl that wa onli price fix ! 
sinc we were alreadi wait so long , we felt we had no other choic but to accept it . 
our experi did not ever get ani better . 
for each cours we wait over 1/2 hour to 45 minut and were never offer a drink . 
We also ask for hooka six time and the waiter kept tell u one minut and never return with the hooka . 
after the 4th time i ask again and the waiter than said after our dinner . 
We ask for beverag and never receiv them . 
We ask for side which the waiter than admit that he forgot to put in that part of our order . 
My chicken wa ined a there were so mani fatti lump which i had to keep spit out into my napkin . 
I would not expect thi for a $ 55 dinner . 
By the time we finish our dinner we still had not receiv one beverag nor hooka ! 
what we did do wa wast 3 hour be trap in a tabl wait and wait for food and drink and hooka ... some of which we never receiv ! 
the onli beverag we did receiv wa water in dirti glass ! 
To top it all off ... the main reason we came to your restaur wa for the belli dancer and miss the first show a we were not seat yet and the 2nd belli dancer onli danc at two tabl in the back of the restaur and never made it around to the other half of the restaur . 
By the time we left our wallet were empi and so were our stomach and we miss the show we were suppos to see follow our dinner , which would have been accept if we got to enjoy the experi of good food and belli dancer ! 
If it seem possibl to do so while there I would have fought my bill sinc my dinner portion of my meal wa ined ! 
I have never left a restaur feel a if i wa abus , and wast my hard earn money . 
MY husband birthday and my son wa not a it wa intend ... and we drove two hour to spend too much money to be treat terribl ! 
I wish I could be refund ! 
Do n't go with a larger group than 4 ! 
I went here for a famili birthday dinner . 
five of u walk in at approxim 6:20 on a thursday even . 
the hostess said `` wow that 's a larg group , unless you are n't togeth '' , to which I repli `` no we are , and there will be one more , so a tabl for six pleas . '' 
At first we were a littl taken aback , a thi seem to present a problem , although the restaur look fairli empti , but they hastili put the tabl togeth for u . 
the menu is fairli simpl without much descript . 
there wa no tap beer that even , which wa a disappoint . 
not much of a select of bottl beer either , we went with brahma . 
the appet we order were serv quickli - an order of fri oyster and clam were delici but a tini portion -lrb- mayb 3 of each -rrb- . 
the lobster knuckl -lrb- special of the day -rrb- were ok , but pretti tasteless . 
I believ there were 2 shrimp in the `` salt encrust shrimp '' appet . 
after we ate our appet -lrb- which took all of 8 minut -rrb- we order anoth round of brahma 's - and tri to stall a littl a we wait for our sixth dinner member . 
the waitress appear and ask u if we want to go ahead and order . 
We repli that we would like to wait 5 more minut if that wa okay . 
she repli `` well it would be more conveni for u if you order now , sinc you are a larger parti , and it might get crowd . '' 
We call the other person who wa veri close by , and she told u to order for her , so we did . 
the food arriv in about 15 minut . 
I had the thai style fri sea bass ... which wa veri good . 
everyon seem gener happi with their food , except my brother who had the grill mahi mahi , seemingli drench in grapfruit juic ! 
I heard the lobster roll wa excel . 
they seem to continu to rush u along , take plate without ask if we were done -lrb- my sister still had her fork in hand -rrb- . 
all in all the food wa good - a littl on the expens side , but fresh . 
servic not the friendliest to our `` larg parti '' ! 
probabl would not go back here . 
great indian food . 
I live on 50th st , and want indian one day so decid to check thi place out . 
food wa amaz - I love indian food and eat it quit regularli , but I can say thi is one of the best I 've had . 
veri `` normal indian food '' , but done realli well . 
I have it a 4 instead of 5 becaus of the price -lrb- just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $ 25 -rrb- , which I would expect at a upscal indian restaur but thi place doe n't have an upscal feel . 
also , waiter tri to push more food on you , like suggest thing a if they are complimentari when they actual cost $ . 
I do n't appreci place or peopl that tri to drive up the bill without the patron 's knowledg so that wa a huge turnoff -lrb- more than the price -rrb- . 
but if you 're prepar to spend some $ and rememb to ask if someth they offer is complimentari , then thi is the place to go for indian food . 
one of the best . 
bukhara grill , the taglin say it all ... `` indian spice rave '' . 
My GF and I dine at bukhara often a she life near it . 
the lunch buffet is expens but is deff worth it . 
We go often for lunch and the place is pack . 
We have gone for dinner onli a few time but the same great qualiti and servic is given . 
bukhara is on my top 5 indian place in nyc . 
wretch and retch . 
thi will be onli the third onlin review I have ever made about a restaur in my life . 
they have all been tonight and they have all been about the same restaur . 
I have never been so disgust by both food an servic . 
for starter they deliv u someon els 's order . 
fine , I wont hang you for that . 
howev , onc I receiv my predict mediocr order of what dokebi think pass a korean fair , -lrb- sometim you have to settl when it 's your onli option -rrb- , I got through about half my kimche befor I found a piec of random lettuc accompani by a far more disgust , slimi , clearli bad piec of fish skin . 
not one to jump to complaint -lrb- henc my lack of previou onlin review -rrb- , I call the restaur to give them a head up that their kitchen might want to check the cleanli of their prep station . 
My main concern wa the saniti of the food that wa be sent out to myself and other , but I would be lie is I said that a someon who ha work in restaur sinc the age of fifteen I wa expect at least a minim effort on the part of the restaur to amend the situat . 
none wa made so i hung up . 
less than three minut pass befor I found myself doubl over the toilet . 
My girlfriend , be slightli more aggress , and have been equal disgust caus her to throw out the remaind of her bare eaten meal , call back onli to be inform that I wa probabl wrong and that it wa most like an oyster , and that we were also blacklist from their restaur . 
not onli have I work in restaur for mani year , I am now in culinari school , I am a huge lover of oyster and fish , and my girlfriend is half korean ! 
We know the differ between and oyster and bad fish . 
It wa n't a if thi restaur had ani major brag point befor hand , but now it 's simpli repuls . 
eat at your own risk . 
gorgeou place ideal for a romant dinner . 
I took my boyfriend for a dinner on saturday night . 
I book a gorgeou white organza tent which includ a four cours prix fix menu which we enjoy a lot . 
the servic wa spectacular a the waiter knew everyth about the menu and hi recommend were amaz ! 
I complet recommend casa La femm for ani special occas and to realli impress your date . 
more williamsburg garbag . 
My wife and I visit dokebi tonight . 
We order dosut bibimbap and nakgi-bokum . 
the dish came out around 5 minut apart . 
the bibimbap wa averag , but the stone bowl wa n't even close to sizzl . 
too bad I had paid an extra $ 2 for the stone bowl . 
the nakgi-bokum wa horribl . 
easili the worst stir-fri squid I 've ever tast . 
the sauc tast more like chines fast food than decent korean . 
the side dish were passabl , and I did get a refil upon request . 
the real problem I had with thi place wa the complet lack of servic . 
I mention the squid dish wa n't veri good when the waitress visit . 
she just nod and walk off . 
there were no commun issu either , a she spoke perfect english . 
As to my comment about the food , no apolog or acknowledg wa made . 
My wife had bare touch that mess of a dish . 
We were charg full price . 
If you ware look for korean fusion , I suggest you tri some of the place in the east villag . 
authent korean food lover should visit 32nd street , of cours . 
live up to the hype . 
We 've live around the corner from thi place for over a year and final had dinner there . 
We 've tri befor but it alway pack and doe n't take reserv . 
It wa well worth the wait . 
the wife had the risotto which wa amaz . 
It doe n't look appet a it 's cover in squid ink and it turn your lip and teeth black , but the tast wa phenomen . 
the farro salad and the mash yukon potato were also extrem tasti . 
i love margherita pizza -- i looov east villag pizza . 
love thi place , everi time we are in the citi thi is one of the place we alway go . 
A quintessenti slice of nyc pizza . 
the crust ha a great bite and a good chew , the sauc is light with a nice acid to it , the salt from the chees is great , realli heighten the flavor of all the other compon . 
person I like the margherita pizza better , but they are all good . 
possibl the most romant restaur in the citi . 
thi is undoubtedli my favorit modern japanes brasseri -lrb- that do n't serv sushi -rrb- , and in my opinion , one of the most romant restaur in the citi ! 
not onli is it an adventur get to thi somewhat hidden spot , onc you enter the unmark wooden door , the zen and intim dcor will make you feel like you 're no longer in the citi . 
If you 're plan to come here , make sure that your date is someon whom you realli like sinc you 'll be usher to privat booth where there will be no peopl or food watch -lrb- choos the one on the ground level that have glass ceil so you may see the star in the sky ! -rrb- 
It 's just you and your date and an occasion cute ` excus me ' befor the waiter open the littl curtain to your booth ! 
My parti had the bbe $ 29 fix prix menu , which wa such a wonder deal sinc it also came with a flight of sake ! 
I never use to be a fan of sake but am late experi with it a lot more and am acquir a better tast of it . 
We start off with a delight sashimi amus bouch . 
our first cours wa tuna sashimi with green yuzu sauc . 
I pick the grill black cod a my entre , which I absolut devour while someon comment that the grill salmon dish wa better . 
the entre were serv with miso soup and rice . 
the sake 's compliment the cours veri well and is success eas me into the sake world . 
for dessert , we tri the frozen black sesam mouss -lrb- interest but not extraordinari -rrb- and matcha -lrb- powder green tea -rrb- and blueberri cheesecak , which wa phenomen . 
mayb it wa the great compani -lrb- I had friend visit from philli -- ye , it wa not a date thi time -rrb- or the super reason price point , but I just ca n't say enough good thing about thi brasseri . 
I do n't usual visit the same establish more than onc , what more twice , but I 'll come to zenkichi anytim for a quiet , unhurri and memor dinner . 
terribl would be a compliment ! 
the servic leaf much to be desir , from feel like you are rush the place your order , to be ignor the rest of the night . 
We were 10 peopl celebrt a birthday , we sat in the tent . 
We paid a fix pricc but got noth !! 
We never ate becaus by close to 2 in the monr we were not serv and were too upset ad tire to start eat . 
they are extrem rude , not even apolog for the horribl servic we got and hand u a bill well over $ 500 for some drink adn their pita bread ! 
stay away . 
great shabu shabu . 
I go here at least onc everi other week , particularli when it 's cold ! 
I love it . 
To be honest we onli ever eat the shabu shabu . 
I tri a coupl other dish but wa n't too impress . 
but for the shabu shabu , you wo n't find much better in NY . 
In fact there is onli one I 've tri that even compar -lrb- shabu tatsu -rrb- and even then I prefer dokebi . 
the meat is fresh , the sauc are great , you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and servic is good too . 
dokebi give williamsburg the right one-two punch of classic korean food and fusion twist like pork belli taco . 
the hot dog are good , ye , but the reason to get over here is the fantast pork croquett sandwich , perfect on it supermarket squishi bun . 
restaur with a view . 
celebr my father birthday here . 
the food tast veri good . 
the famili seafood entre wa veri good . 
the main entre wa also veri good . 
We order a bit of everyth on the menu . 
price is high but the food is good , so I would come back again . 
thi place doe n't make ani sens . 
just want to warn you all - do n't wast your time and money . 
thi place ha total weird decor , stair go up with mirror wall - I am surpris how no one yet broke their head or fall off the stair - mirror wall make you dizzi and delusion ... . 
thi place is not invit and the food is total weird . 
the concept of japanes tapa is newli creat and clearli doe n't work . 
the food they serv is not comfort , not appet and uncook . 
Go to japanes sushi place or spanish tapa place - thi creation in williamsburg is a misstak . 
good food . 
I went here with my boyfriend for our anniversari . 
the food wa great and tasti , but the sit space wa too small , I do n't like be cramp in a corner . 
over all it wa a veri nice romant place . 
I would recommend to ask for a bigger sit area when you make a reserv -lrb- if possibl -rrb- . 
love it . 
A cowork and I tri pacifico after work a few friday and love it . 
the atmospher wa great . 
the food we order wa excel , although I would n't say the margarita were anyth to write home about . 
our waitress wa n't mean , but not especi warm or attent either . 
I must say I am surpris by the bad review of the restaur earlier in the year , though . 
mayb it ha improv sinc then ? 
regardless , we 'll be back and ca n't wait to visit in the summer to take advantag of the patio . 
dumbfoundingli poor . 
thi wa , from start to finish , a mind-bogglingli uncomfort experi . 
lexicograph take note : a new and fascin definit of rude is aliv and flourish right here in brooklyn . 
the server at flatbush farm appear to have perfect that ghastli techniqu of make you feel guilti and asham for deign to attract their attent . 
polit acknowledg is out ; . 
supercili scorn is in . 
and how mani time can you pick up the same perfectli align set of napkin , inspect them vapidli and plonk them down in exactli the same place instead of ventur a glanc at peopl who are there to help you make the rent ? 
A differ server enhanc the fun , dump our entre in front of u halfway through our appet -lrb- which wa delici -rrb- . 
overal the food qualiti wa pretti good , though I hear the salmon is much better when it ha n't sat cool in front of the guest . 
the place ha a nice fit-out , some attract furnish and , from what I could tell , a reason wine list -lrb- I wa given the food menu when I ask for the cart de vin -rrb- . 
At $ 120 for two peopl , howev , thi in no way repres valu , unless you 're look to pay by the hour for passive-aggress tortur . 
On that scale , it 's a world-beat . 
how is thi palc still open ? 
I honestli do n't even know where to begin . 
My boyfriend and I are avid restaur goer , and we are alway on the lookout for new place and our friend had recommend flatbush farm . 
We arriv and were seat immedi , which made u both happi . 
We order our appet , I order the chicken and my boyfriend the salmon . 
everyth wa go good until we got our meal . 
I took one look at the chicken and I wa appal . 
It wa serv with skin , over a bed of extrem undercook spinach and mash potato . 
My boyfriend ask me if I want to switch and eat hi salmon instead , while he de-skin the chicken so that I could enjoy the white meat . 
I took one bite from the $ 24 salmon , and I have never , in the 17 year I have been go to restaur tast salmon a fishi , a dri , and a bland a the one in flatbush farm . 
At thi point , the waitress come over and ask u if everyth wa okay , I wa liter so shock that I wa speechless and did n't say anyth , and guess what , the waitress walk away . 
So , I switch with my boyfriend again to see if mayb I could stomach the meat and spinach again , but the spinach wa so undercook that I just could not bite through it . 
I could n't even enjoy the mash potato becaus it wa hidden complet under the chicken and spinach . 
I 've had better chicken at bbq !!!! 
So I decid to report back to the waitress becaus it wa complet ined . 
guess what , I wait for twenti minut befor she came over and when she final did , she say , `` oh well , I wish you would have said someth earlier '' No apolog , noth . 
after that she simpli took our plate , walk away , came back anoth twenti minut later with the bill and the chicken on it !!!!!!!!!!!! 
No desert menu , no apolog , noth !!!!!! 
I wa liter go to explod , but instead , my boyfriend took the bill and went to find the manag . 
thi is where it realli realli get bad : the manag said , there is absolut noth we can do , it 's a matter of tast that she did n't like it , and I can not comp it . 
again , no apolog , no is there anyth els I can get you , no can I get you a drink to make up for it , noth !!!! 
We refus to pay for it becaus at thi point it had noth to do with the food anymor . 
the level of rude wa preposter . 
the manag came to the tabl and said we can do what we want , so we paid for what we did enjoy , the drink and appet , and walk out . 
I have never ever had such AN unpleas experi . 
thi staff should BE fire . 
cirspi crust margherita pizza . 
we have been there 3 time sinc last week we alk it by chanc first day the manag offerd u the margherita pizza adn we said ye . 
it wa realli good pizza . 
the crust wa imazingli cook well and pizza wa fulli load :-rrb- :-rrb- :-rrb- . 
you know what i mean all the posit thing happen there made mw write thi review . 
singl worst restaur in manhattan . 
I 'll be with a coupl of posit : cool decor , good pita and hummu , and grill octopu that wa actual pretti tasti . 
move on . 
If I could give 0 star I would do so for thi place . 
casa La femm is to middl eastern dine what chucki cheez is to italian . 
the reason there are 4 differ result on citysearch for the same place is becaus they keep tri to start a new thread so they can stock it with posit review . 
well ... they can run but they ca n't hide . 
I live in the west villag and I 've been to a lot of restaur . 
sometim you pay a lot and do n't get much in return - it 's manhattan , thing are expens . 
howev , most of them are at least prompt and pleasant . 
thi place ... god where do i begin . 
It is quit a spectacular scene i 'll give them that . 
the decor howev seem to be the distract so you wo n't notic that you just pay 300 buck for some cold eggplant that took 2 frickin hour TO come !!!! 
how thi place surviv the competit west villag market in thi economi , or ani other for that matter , is beyond me . 
great hot dog ! 
I 've made the trip out here a few time with a friend who life nearbi -lrb- I live on uw -rrb- . 
though it 's been crowd most time I 've gone here , bark alway deliv on their food . 
the hot dog are top notch , and they 're slamwich is amaz ! 
go to bark is alway worth the train ride , and will make your tongu and belli veri happi ! 
onli complaint is the price -- I believ it would be more reason to pay a dollar le on each item list on the menu . 
but nonetheless -- great spot , great food . 
fabul food - if the front of hous staff do n't put you off -- . 
We live nearbi bfc . 
It 's a littl out of our price rang for dine there except on special occas , but we 've eaten there 6 time in the last 2 year . 
each time we 've been , the front of hous staff -lrb- not the waiter - they 're fantast - but the peopl who greet and seat you -rrb- ha been so hideou to u that were it not for the except fish dish I would never return . 
As bfc doe n't take reserv you almost alway have to wait by the bar - and be abus by the front of hous staff until you are seat , which can be over an hour later ! 
the frizzi retro girl -lrb- with wing / dame edna glass -rrb- will yell at you if you tri to order a drink . 
I wa almost amus by the fact that she wa turn away custom at 9pm on a friday night becaus she `` had a bbq to go to '' that night - wtf ?? 
I 'd be horrifi if my staff were turn away custom so earli and so rude ! 
there 's anoth girl who I ca n't describ , she is about 5 ' 6 '' with brown hair , who eavesdrop on your convers and chime in - except she onli hear the last part of what you said , so her uninvit opinion are often out of context and noth to do with what you 're * realli * talk about . 
I 'm a friendli person , so I would n't mind had she not been so nasti and gotten so person . 
again , I 'd be super upset if that were my employe . 
consid you will spend at least $ 60 a head , I expect better servic . 
So , if you 're walk by and think about dine , you might want to see who 's go to be seat you first ... . 
maitre-d - `` eat and get out '' . 
My famili ate here last weekend . 
the food and servic were fine , howev the maitre-d wa incred unwelcom and arrog . 
while finish our meal which includ a high-end bottl of wine , our son 's fianc join u for a glass of wine and dessert . 
thi guy refus to seat her and she left , follow shortli by the four of u , but not befor I told him that in my 40 year of world travel , includ pari , that I had never seen such a display of bad behavior by a frontman in a restaur . 
hi respons wa smug , arrog , and condescend , total consist with hi deport on display all even . 
A word to the wise : you ca n't dine here and disturb the maitre-d 's sens of '' tabl turnov '' , a whack a it is , or els . 
If you go here , do it on hi off-night . 
best meal in a long time ! 
mussl and calamari were superb saturday even . 
I had the lamb special which wa perfect . 
My father had the flank steak which wa veri good , and my mother had the swordfish . 
the four season restaur is a great experi . 
the food is great and the environ is even better . 
everyon must come here at least onc . 
highli recommend it ! 
take hot dog to the next level . 
At first glanc thi place seem a bit pricey for a hot dog joint , but at bark you do n't just get your averag hot dog . 
here the hot dog is elev to the level of a real entre with numer variat avail . 
great atmospher . 
went to thi place thi place on a real cold night and need a quick meal . 
I highli recommend the fish taco , everyth els wa ok . 
cool atmospher , the fire place in the back realli ad to it but need a bit more heat throughout on a cold night . 
poor servic and manag . 
Do n't go to thi place ! 
had an aw experi at casa la femm on a saturday dinner . 
appet took nearli an hour . 
when the main cours final arriv -lrb- anoth 45min -rrb- half of our order wa miss . 
never got an explan a to what wa go on . 
the manag wa rude and handl the situat extrem poorli . 
when we threaten to leav , we were offer a meager discount even though half the order wa miss . 
On the way out , we heard of other guest complain about similar issu . 
Ca n't believ how an expens nyc restaur can be so disrespect to it client . 
what a hassl ! 
the food is veri good , but not outstand . 
there is no way it justifi the accolad it receiv , the attitud of the staff or the wait for a tabl . 
On our last visit , they skip over our name on the list , leav u wait an extra hour for a tabl . 
mistak happen , but they are usual accompani by an apolog , perhap even a glass of wine ... but not the grunt that we receiv from the Al Di La staff . 
without the wait or attitud , I would probabl go back , but there are just too mani other restaur in brooklyn that are a good or better and do n't make me jump through hoop . 
expens . 
I went there after hear how great it wa . 
wow . 
the bread wa stale , the salad wa overpr and empti . 
the pasta wa well cook , did n't have enough sauc though or flavor . 
I though it wa expens and I prefer bella via just block away by far . 
So rude !!! 
I went with jwil . 
her review is abov . 
I wa one of the peopl that went for thi horribl experi . 
My friend is 100 % right in the experi we had . 
the hostess wa rude and I got a distinct feel that they did not want to serv u . 
the onli thing that my friend left out is that when we sat down at the bar the bartend disappear . 
I ask for a menu and the same waitress look at my like I wa insan . 
I wa shock that my friend want to stay after the waitress said , `` can I help you '' and `` how mani are in your parti . '' 
what ? 
the three of u stand in front of her should have been an indic of how mani of u there were . 
We did n't look like the other patron in there so unfortun I think that may have been part of the problem . 
shame on thi place for the horribl rude staff and non-exist custom servic . 
bad staff . 
I gener like thi place . 
the food is good . 
the design of the space is good . 
but the servic is horrid ! 
I wa there for brunch recent , and we were tag team by a waitress and a waiter . 
the waiter deliv our food while hold what appear to be a plastic bag of garbag in one hand . 
I ca n't believ that it wa , but pleas put the bag down befor deliv food ! 
the waitress came to check in on u everi few minut , and began to clear the plate while half of u were still eat -lrb- a big pet peev of mine that happen almost everywher , so I tri to ignor it -rrb- . 
I could n't ignor the fact that she reach over the plate of one of my friend , who wa in mid bite , to clear the tabl . 
she then put the check down without ask if we were done , and came to check on the bill everi two minut , even though we were one of three occupi tabl . 
I wish I could like thi place more , and I wish someon would retrain the staff . 
yum ! 
serv realli good sushi . 
not the biggest portion but adequ . 
green tea creme brule is a must ! 
Do n't leav the restaur without it . 
No comparison . 
-- I ca n't say enough about thi place . 
It ha great sushi and even better servic . 
the entir staff wa extrem accomod and tend to my everi need . 
I 've been to thi restaur over a dozen time with no complaint to date . 
snotti attitud . 
-- We were treat veri rude here one time for breakfast . 
the owner is belliger to guest that have a complaint . 
good food ! 
-- We love breakfast food . 
thi is a great place to get a delici meal . 
We never had to wait more than 5 minut . 
the staff is pretti friendli . 
the onion ring are great ! 
they are not greasi or anyth . 
overr . 
-- I wa highli disappoint in the food at pagoda . 
the lemon chicken tast like sticki sweet donut and the honey walnut prawn , the few they actual give you ... were not good . 
the price are outrag , especi sinc the food wa actual le satisfi than most neighborhood chines establish . 
nice ambienc , but highli overr place . 
I will not go back . 
worst servic I ever had . 
-- A group of 5 of u went there for sunday brunch and sat outsid . 
everyon that sat in the back outsid agre that it wa the worst servic we had ever receiv . 
our waiter wa non-exist and after our food final arriv over an hour after we order , we were not given ani water or utensil . 
I complain to the manag , but he wa not even apologet . 
I will never return again . 
fabul italian food ! 
-- I highli recommend mioposto . 
I am so happi to have a wonder italian restaur in my neighborhood . 
the wine list is wonder and the food remind me of my recent trip to itali . 
I love thi restaur . 
-- I will never forget the amaz meal , servic , and ambianc I experi at thi restaur . 
It wa absolut amaz . 
the wine list is incred and extens and divers , the food is all incred and the staff wa all veri nice , good at their job and cultur . 
I have not a bad thing to say about thi place . 
amaz . 
I can not wait to go back again thi come weekend ! 
mmm ... good ! 
-- went there last night with a friend . 
she had heard from a co-work about thi place . 
the food wa great ! 
It 's * veri * reason price , esp for the qualiti of the food . 
I had the kafta plate and it wa perfect . 
We 're go back :D . 
final a meal that you will rememb for a long time ! 
-- In a age of increment cost cut in restaur , it nice to see a place that buck that trend , and just plain deliv high qualiti food and good servic , period . 
thi is the place to relax and enjoy the finest qualiti food the industri can offer . 
caution - it real food for peopl who love the best . 
some of the food is clearli orient toward foodi -lrb- like me -rrb- so if your not a foodi -lrb- noth wrong with that -rrb- - head over to mcdonald or some rubi tuesday and have at it ! 
If your look for real qualiti -lrb- not the BS that is seen on yelp rate - which allegedli recent got in troubl for `` adjust '' rate -rrb- , you need to get in here ! 
veri disappoint . 
-- I took my parent here for their anniversary-veri veri disappoint !!! 
I like the atmospher veri much but the food wa not worth the price . 
I may not be a sushi guru but I can tell you that the food here is just okay and that there is not much els to it . 
rice is too dri , tuna wa n't so fresh either . 
noth realli came across a outstand . 
veri disappoint . 
I have eaten here three time and have found the qualiti and varieti of the fish to be excel . 
howev , the valu and servic are both sever lack . 
portion contain le fish than one would expect , particularli sinc price are in line with the best sushi place in nyc -lrb- masa exclud , of cours -rrb- . 
furthermor , while the fish is unquestion fresh , roll tend to be inexplic bland . 
the servic rang from mediocr to offens . 
On a recent trip , our waiter wa extrem dismiss , while no le than three staff member wait hand-and-foot on a pair of japanes girl seat nearbi . 
We were then charg for their most expens sake -lrb- $ 20 + per serv -rrb- when we in fact drank a sake of le than half that price . 
but Im sure thi wa just an honest mistak ... . 
freshest sushi -- I love thi restaur . 
they pay such detail to everyth from miso soup to complex roll . 
the sashimi wa the freshest and most tender I have ever tast . 
their app are all delici . 
the onli drawback is that thi place is realli expens and the portion are on the small side . 
but the space is small and love , and the servic is help . 
you are bound to have a veri charm time . 
not recommand !!! 
-- the food wa not great & the waiter were rude . 
It is not worth go at all and spend your money there !!! 
great servic . 
-- pretti cheap for sit down mexican and downtown . 
my servic wa stellar ! 
the bu boy even spot that my tabl wa shake a stabil it for me . 
food wa fine , with a some little-tastier-than-norm salsa . 
If you 're in the area you should n't be disappoint . 
Ok ... -- mayb I went in on someon 's bad day ... . 
the food wa great , the margarita too but the waitress wa too busi be nice to her other larger parti than to take better care of my friend and me . 
took forev to get our order taken , water refil were too much to ask for and the onli time she wa fast wa when we ask for our bill when we could get her attent . 
I do n't know if I 'll be back ... . 
mama mia -- I live in the neighborhood and feel lucki to live by such a great pizza place . 
the onli problem is you realli have to warm up the pizza befor it 's edibl , even when you order ahead . 
but onc done , it 's not too much dough , not too much chees , not too much sauc . 
best sushi in town . 
have gone to all the top place . 
everyth you want and more , veri fresh . 
it worth the wait , especi sinc they 'll give you a call when the tabl is readi . 
the best calamari in seattl ! 
-- ... and the best summertim deck experi -- they will even bring you a blanket if you get cold in the seattl even weather . 
A perfect place to take out of town guest ani time of the year . 
endless fun , awesom music , great staff !!! 
-- By far the best bar in the east villag ... . 
I went there with some friend one night to play bingo and watch the sox game and it wa a blast ! 
everi time `` 0-sixtynin '' is call the bartend buy everyon drink ! 
been there lot sinc and it alway a good time . 
great draft and bottl select and the pizza rock . 
definit ha one of the best jukebox 's i 've seen in a long long time . 
I found A new home ON second avenu !!!!!!!!!!!! 
-- where can I begin . 
I ca n't !!! 
just go there and see for yourself . 
the food is great , the bartend go that extra mile . 
you need to watch your game , they will have it on for you . 
the owner are great fun and the beer select is worth stay for . 
and the upstair is a great place to hang out . 
not alot of smoke place left in new york , but I have found my favorit smoke balconey in the citi . 
kudo to these guy . 
I found a new home and just move with a long leas . 
thank you . 
Go beyond the california roll ... . 
the sushi here is delici ! 
they have a wide varieti of fish and they even list which ocean they come from ; atlant or pacif . 
I 've had the jellyfish , hors mackerel , blue fin tuna and the sake ikura roll among other , and they were all good . 
My onli neg comment is that I wish the piec were a littl bigger . 
the decor is rustic , tradit japanes . 
the crowd is mix yuppi , young and old . 
the servic wa courteou and attent . 
mediocr food . 
-- We ate on the outsid patio area for dinner on a saturday night . 
the outsid patio area ha an abbrevi menu . 
We order the marin grape , buffalo style chicken wing , and the turkey sandwich . 
My g/f and I both agre the food wa veri mediocr especi consid the price . 
We are local , and get the feel the onli way thi place surviv with such averag food is becaus most custom are probabl one-tim custom tourist . 
servic wa decent . 
drink were good . 
unless you are just stop in for a few drink I would n't recommend go here . 
you are like to be disappoint . 
excel food , nice ambienc , fairli expens . 
-- I love the pumpkin ravioli and the goat chees gnocchi -lrb- 5 big one to a plate instead of 20 or so littl gnocchi -rrb- and my sister love her filet mignon on top of spinach and mash potato . 
the ambianc wa a peac and relax break amongst all the kid run around in downtown disney . 
It wa romant - and even nice even with my sister , remind me of itali , and had artwork and music that kept up the feel of be in a mediterrean villa . 
I recommend it for a night when you want to splurg -lrb- it wa a bit expens -rrb- ! 
best indian food in l.a. . 
-- I 've been to over a dozen indian place in l.a. , and thi is still my favorit . 
the best thing is , the price are also quit reason . 
the chicken curri and chicken tikka masala are my favorit meat dish . 
the chana masala -lrb- garbanzo bean -rrb- are also excel . 
It 's locat in a strip mall near the beverli center , not the greatest locat , but the food keep me come back for more . 
hidden littl jem . 
-- tuck away over by the beverli center . 
never too crowd and alway great servic . 
I think I have probabl tri each item on their menu at least onc it is all excel . 
I can highli recommend their variou saag and paneer and korma . 
you routin see indian famili and friend dine there , which is alway a good sign . 
I appreci their deliveri too . 
nice food but no spice ! 
-- I realli enjoy my meal here . 
I had yummi lamb korma , saag paneer , samosa , naan , etc. . 
the food wa all good but it wa way too mild . 
normal , place ask how hot you want it , but they did n't . 
I should have thought to bring it up but never expect the food to be that mild . 
I will give them anoth chanc and make sure to tell them to kick it up sever notch . 
the naan wa some of the best I 've had and I realli enjoy the bhartha , not too tomatoey . 
even the chickpea , which I normal find too dri , were good . 
and they packag everyth nice so it did n't spill . 
awesom find . 
-- I do n't understand how I wa a stranger to thi place for so long ... the fajita salad , the colorado , the fajita - everyth is delici . 
I love the warm & cosi environ . 
I just found out that you can have the place to yourself on night and weekend for a privat parti - ca n't wait to celebr my next birthday there . 
best restaur in the world , great decor , great custom servic , friendli manag . 
-- first of all henrymillionar you dont know a thing about middl eastern food so dont talk . 
cri me a river , stop complain you obvious you have no tast in food . 
i am never disappoint with there food . 
the atmospher is great . 
and all you other peopl that have a problem get some help . 
great lunch spot . 
-- great financi district mexican spot . 
alway busi , but they are good at seat you promptli and have quick servic . 
everyth I 've had here is good , taco salad , burrito , enchilada i love thi place . 
also have great margarita ! 
you can order to go if you have to get back to the offic too ! 
lebanes food , yum ! 
-- I 've been to open sesam onli onc , but I 'm still reel from the experi !! 
the food is simpli unforgett ! 
I had the beef kabob with a side of cucumb yogurt . 
the present of the food wa an ad bonu , it look just a great a it tast ! 
My best friend had the chicken shawarma and she still raf about it be the best anywher ! 
her sister had the baklava for dessert ! 
what a tastli , flaki treat ! 
the staff are friendli and the decor wa ethic and color . 
GO TO open sesam !!! 
holi hummu ! 
-- the food is here is incred , though the qualiti is inconsist dure lunch . 
dinner have alway been excel , in term of food qualiti . 
the open sesam combo plate is a bargain for the heap of food given . 
the side of potato is to die for , a is the labn -lrb- yogurt dip -rrb- . 
also , they serv the best hummu in america , with a drizzl of fragrant oliv oil -lrb- which , I believ is the tradit way -rrb- ! 
the onli drawback is the crowd seat and the slow servic . 
there have been sever occas when we 've just not gotten some side dish we 've order . 
howev , thi place is a gem , and I wo n't stop go back . 
great beer . 
-- My first time to dine at thi restaur wa with my son and it wa absolut horribl ! 
We wait over 30 minut for our drink and over 11/2 hour for our food . 
I swore never to return for a warm beer and mediocr meal . 
howev , one sunday afternoon my husband and I did go -lrb- although with my loud protest -rrb- and were pleasantli surpris . 
the band wa veri good and the servic wa attent . 
outsid in the area between the restaur and the park , child were run around while their parent sip wine . 
We order a select of the small plate , and the shoe string onion , goat chees pizza , grill asparagu and fri brie with fruit were all veri good . 
It wa like dine at a complet differ restaur . 
We have sinc return and also had a great experi , sampl more small plate and a varieti of the beer -lrb- cold and good -rrb- . 
We did have the same waiter the second time , so mayb the servic is spotti and our luck is good . 
sunday afternoon there is a band play and it is lot of fun . 
seattl 's best winelist . 
-- ray 's -lrb- suprisingli -rrb- ha the citi 's best & most divers wine list . 
the sommeli is fantast , down-to-earth , & extrem knowleg . 
I would go back for the wine experi alon . 
nice job ! 
not the place IT onc wa . 
-- It is sad to see a place that wa onc `` the '' place to meet and eat for bfast or lunch , now be the place that is a big `` dont bother . '' 
the food is not what it onc wa -lrb- potion have serious seen downsiz -rrb- price have gone up , and the servic is the worst I have experienc anywher -lrb- includ mainland europ -rrb- . 
what may be interest to most is the worst sevice/attitud come from the owner of thi establish . 
thi establish realli made a mark declin after -lrb- and thi is recur stori -rrb- the air of food televis `` diner , drive-in , and dive '' host by guy fieri , in which schooner or later wa subject of . 
perhap now , scooner or later fall into the `` dive '' categori . 
thi is sad for what onc wa one of the best place you could ever eat . 
I hope one day scooner or later return to what it onc wa . 
until thi happen , my advic is to stay away . 
open & cool place with the best pizza and coffe . 
-- mioposto ha a veri creativ & delici pizza menu . 
the coff is veri good , too . 
great open and friendli ambienc . 
thi place is charm and relax . 
the server behind the counter are alway friendli and help . 
It remind me of those great littl restaur in san francisco . 
It 's a great place to enjoy food and meet friend . 
old reliabl . 
-- after 12 year in seattl ray 's rate a the place we alway go back to . 
great food , spectacular locat , and friendli servic keep u come back year after year . 
enjoy the food . 
-- first of all , I am not from long beach . 
I wa visit socal a coupl of month ago when the friend I wa visit decid to take me to thi restaur . 
-lrb- she wa actual go to take me to anoth mediterranean restaur right across the street but they were not open yet even though it wa a few minut past their open time . -rrb- 
I like it . 
food wa good and cheap . 
I had the kafta plate and I enjoy it . 
It wa so much though that I could bare finish but I did , sinc it wa delici . 
atmospher wa nice . 
servic wa kind of slow , our waitress took forev to give u our check even though it wa n't that busi . 
still I would recommend thi place . 
btw , I realli like long beach . 
It wa one of the few place in socal where you would actual walk around and not have to take a car . 
wow !!!!!!!! 
-- IT cant get ani better !!!!! 
what els can you say nice peopl amaz food wow . 
great food with an awesom atmospher ! 
-- egg , pancak , potato , fresh fruit and yogurt -- everyth they serv is delici . 
the best place for a leisur sunday breakfast amidst yacht , then take a stroll through the nearbi farmer 's market . 
great meal -- the fish on the omikas platter wa absolut decad -- there wa none of the stringi that sometim accompani fair sushi -- thi fish wa perfect !!!! 
plu , i am allerg to rice , and the waitstaff wa unbeliev accomod -- did n't even bat an eye ! 
and the waiter suggest a perfect sake !! 
absolut fabul !!! 
unbeat sushi ! 
two thumb up ! 
I love sushi , and I have eaten it all over the world . 
thi is right up there with place in tokyo a far a the fresh is concern . 
melt in your mouth nigiri and sashmi , and veri tasti roll too . 
Be sure to tri the oyster roll . 
splendid . 
-- how to describ the best sushi in nyc : hmmmm , delici , amaz , fantast , sucul , perfect , nah , all of the abov . 
I ca n't saybenough good thing about thi restaur , and I ca n't wait for my next sever visit . 
the best chuwam mushi I have ever had . 
perfect on a cold day . 
$ 6 with tip . 
perfect . 
good sushi , high price . 
one of the best sushi place in town . 
the hous special roll is realli good . 
On weekend , you might have to wait for coupl hour . 
howev , they do take your cellphon number so that you can go hang out somewher els till they call you up on your cellphon . 
A cozi spot for 2 . 
-- I ca n't believ murphi 's ha been around for over 25 year , amaz . 
that 's a huge compliment , especi in the fickl restaur busi , ... enough alreadi ! 
brunch at murphi 's is to die for , my specialti ... egg white omelet , the food is alway freshli prepar . 
It 's the perfect spot for a romant date for 2 or a secret rendezv ! 
save room for scrumptiou dessert . 
the restaur offer an extens wine list and an ambianc you wo n't forget ! 
I guarante you wo n't be disappoint , there 's also valet park . 
addict ! 
-- best mexican place for lunch in the financi district . 
love the enchilada and chicken soup - and be sure to check out their special . 
the cook have been at the restaur for year and cook famili recip . 
can get busi on friday for a tabl but onc seat , the servic is so effici you can be in and out of there quickli . 
I went there with a friend from out of town ... and we were both veri impress ! 
went on a monday night , so there wa no wait for a tabl . 
the sushi wa excel and the wait staff wa quick . 
the price wa right too . 
the atmospher wa just okay . 
space wa limit , but the food made up for it . 
I 'd go back there in a heartbeat . 
should have gone to trader joe 's and had frozen pizza :-lrb- . 
-- My famili went on a midweek even to have dinner . 
the restaur wa 80 % full and there wa a sign post `` wait to be seat . '' 
well I guess it 's hard to be seat when one is invis to the staff . 
We stood there for 10 minut while employe walk back and forth ignor u . 
final , my wife stood face to face in front of one of the staff and she ask , `` are you wait for a tabl ? '' 
onc seat it took about 30 minut to final get the meal . 
the prior review said kid friendli ... give me a break with two young child that is light year . 
the caesar salad I order had so much lemon I could n't eat it . 
the pizza wa slightli reminesc of baker 's beach pizza which occupi the the space year ago -lrb- a distant second -rrb- . 
It wa decent but noth except . 
thi establish is consist with my feel of the rest of chow food group . 
We use to frequent most of their restaur but over the year each one ha realli been disapoint . 
I 'm a born and bred southend resid and wa excit to hear of thi restaur open . 
well , I guess mayb it might be benefici for the manag to pay a visit to tutta bella in columbia citi for some tip . 
great food , better margarita ! 
-- thi is one of my top lunch spot , huge portion , fast servic and amaz margarita !! 
it get realli busi , so get there on the earli side so you can grab a seat , if you do have to wait , it not bad becaus the servic is quick ! 
check out the art on the wall , veri color ! 
i love thi place ! 
-- i have been eat at thi place for over 8 year now and i have never had one bad meal . 
i highli recommend thi place to all that want to tri indain food for the first time . 
the lunch menu is an awesom deal ! 
plenti of food , trust me . 
fresh ingredi and super tasti . 
the place is the next best thing to my mom cook . 
best food , phenomin servic . 
for the finicki sushi eater and those who have sampl the best nyc ha to offer , the fish is the freshest and the servic is superb . 
not onli can the select be innov , but there 's a nice balanc of tradit sushi a well . 
the nicest waiter in town . 
way over-r !!!! 
-- thi place is unbeliev over-r . 
If I want to stand in line on sunday for an hour to get averag brunch food , then I would put murphi 's at the top of the list . 
the regular menu here is slightli abov averag that is not worth the snotti attitud that you receiv . 
10 ! 
your a sushi fan , you love expertli cut fish , great sake , a killer soho locat , and of cours : salmon , tuna , fluke , yellow tail , cod , macker , jellyfish , sea urchin , shrimp , lobster , sea bream , trout , milk fish , blue fin tuna , eel , crab , sardin , monk fish , roe , scallop , oyster , and a variti of toro . 
there is onli one place on the east coast that ha it all , plu a lot more . 
better than nobu , tomo , taka , yama , sugiyama , and the rest . 
bring your cell phone caus you may have to wait to get into the best sushi restaur in the world : blue ribbon sushi . 
believ it babi ! 
cut to the chase - thi is amaz ! 
It 's unpretenti and underground . 
It 's fresh , welcom , delici , and relax . 
hand down , the best tuna I have ever had . 
blue ribbon life up to it 's fantast reput . 
I went here on a recommend and will sure return time and time again . 
what a find ! 
well worth it . 
great valu sushi with high qualiti & nice set . 
good for late night dine -lrb- last minut plan -rrb- without reserv . 
tri the chef 's choic for sushi a the smoke yellowtail wa incred and the roll were also tasti . 
poor custom servic / poor pizza . 
-- As with most restaur in seattl , mioposto 's servic wa bad and the food wa overpr . 
I know mani peopl have their favorit type of pizza and pizza place , but mioposto 's pizza lack qualiti and good tast . 
To be honest , I 've had better frozen pizza . 
I 'm not kid . 
the onli posit thing about mioposto is the nice locat . 
love it everi time . 
I wa frankli shock when I read the bad review - thi place is fantast ; it ha not let u down in ani way , and we 've eaten here more than 10 time . 
peopl complain about the dim light , but that is one what I love about thi place - if you want to stare at your food in bright light , go to mcdonald . 
the food is fantast , and the wait staff ha been perfect everi singl time we 've been there . 
the onli problem would be the wait , but we usual just have a drink in the front while wait . 
never had one singl problem there . 
seafood plu . 
-- thi wa great dine experi . 
If you 're go to see danni gan or just stay at the mirag , do n't miss thi one . 
the appet of oyster , lobster , crab -lrb- small size -rrb- made a perfect entr for my wife . 
seabass on lobster risotto wa the best . 
caesar salad wa superb . 
great bottl of wine . 
leav room for dessert . 
complet over rate ! 
I will have to do more research befor check out new place base on diner , drive-in and dive review . 
I noic most review mention the bad servic . 
the food wa ok , but the servic wa so poor that the food wa cold buy the time everyon in my parti wa serv . 
even then , the order wa not correct and we were still wait for a coupl item . 
We had a veri hard time get the waitress ' attent and final had to get up and go insid to speak to a manag . 
As it turn out the owner wa seat right next to u and when he came over to check on our problem wa veri dismiss and offer a token 20 % discount on our bill . 
when the bill came , he onli took the discount off the food and not the drink . 
It wa clear he did n't realli care . 
with so mani great breakfast/lunch place in So cal , thi one is not worth the wait or ani extra effort to visit . 
avoid the place . 
-- save yourself the wast of time & DO not visit . 
I made my 1st trip to the restaur after find their webpag onlin . 
when I got there I sat up stair where the atmospher wa cozi & the servic wa horribl ! 
I wait for 10-15 minut for servic order a beer & wa never serv again . 
after sit there with my empti glass for over 20 minut I left . 
I went home & look them up onlin again where I discov there is a link for a give away that doe n't work so email the restaur about the non exist servic & decept link . 
I never heard back from anyon more than a month ago . 
after tell my friend about the situat he said let tri again but we will visit the lower bar . 
after sit at the bar for over 20 minut the bar keep had made onli 2 drink & kept tell u she 'd be right with u . 
We left without ever get servic . 
As of write thi I just tri their give away a link again & it still doe n't work . 
there are so mani better place to visit ! 
best crab cake in town . 
-- that a big statement consid I 've been pull crab trap and make the cake myself sinc I wa about seven - but someth about these littl devil get better everi time . 
If you can , come to thi place by boat and make it a whole even . 
great season fish and seafood , with a classi waterfront set . 
alway a winner . 
great pizza , poor servic . 
-- love their pizza , especi the mushroom pizza . 
also love their caeser salad . 
prefer to order it and pick it up though becaus I do n't like the server , one young woman in particular . 
she doe n't make you feel welcom and treat you like an annoy . 
but she is veri friendli with certain peopl , make it even more annoy . 
manag should realli take notic and train their waitstaff and teach them some proper manner . 
mani peopl talk about the great pizza and poor servic , so it ca n't just be the rant of a few dissatisfi custom . 
It 's a great littl place with ton of potenti to be a neighborhood joint if the servic were n't so imperson and corporate-lik . 
great breakfast . 
-- thi place is famou for their breakfast . 
they have been featur on the food network and they deserv it . 
the food is great and they make a mean bloodi mari . 
I love breakfast here . 
their crab egg benedict is addict . 
all their menu item are a hit , and they serv mimosa . 
doe n't get ani better than that . 
best chines food i have tast in a long time . 
-- we got a groupon for pagoda and decid to tri it on a thursday night . 
there wa a guy play the piano and sing at the bar area which wa separ from the din area . 
you can easili hear him though so it wa a pleasant sound and not overbear . 
the ambianc of the restaur wa nice and good for fine din . 
not too fine thought that you feel uncomfort and have to dress up . 
the staff wa veri nice and courteou and obvious chines . 
we order the honey walnut prawn which we alway order at everi chines restaur to determin the qualiti of food . 
first off , the food came fast and all togeth :-rrb- i like that ... i hate the pretenti of thing come in one after the other . 
so about the prawn , they were fresh and had a slight crispi about the batter ... soooo good ... the walnut were cut in smaller piec and veri crunchi and tasti . 
yummi . 
best honey walnyt prawn that we have everi tast . 
next one that we order were prawn and scallop with brocolli . 
the brocolli were so fresh and tasti . 
i would normal not finish the brocolli when i order these kind of food but for the first time , everi piec wa a event a the first one ... the scallop and prawn wa so fresh and nice cook . 
not chewi at all . 
for desert we had the mango ginger creme brule ... oh la la yummi !!! 
melt in your mouth . 
we are for sure come back to thi restaur . 
everi month if possibl . 
it is sad there is not mani peopl who frequent eat at place like these that look pricey becaus they are at the hotel ... but they are definit one you dont want to miss , esp if your in downtown san jose . 
chintzi portion . 
-- the sushi here is perfectli good , but for $ 5 a piec , either the slice of fish should be larger , or there should be no pretens that thi is a moder price restaur -lrb- even for nyc -rrb- . 
We easili spent more than $ 40 per person -lrb- not includ alcohol -rrb- and were still hungri . 
I 'm astonish that thi restaur is categor a $ $ $ rather than $ $ $ $ . 
terribl servic , food ok , pricey . 
-- thi past weekend had great weather for san francisco standard . 
So for the ` after beach excurs ' , we thought we would end the day on a high note and make the trip across the street from the beach to park chalet . 
the restaur wa busi , howev there were a few tabl open . 
We put out name down and although there were open tabl we were told that it 'd be a 30 minut wait . 
So here we are , my wife , 3 year old daughter and I tri to pa the time by hang out in the front of the build -lrb- where the mural and artifact are -rrb- . 
30 minut went by and sure enough the pager buzzer went off . 
We went back to the restaur and low and behold , we were seat at one of the tabl that wa avail 30 minut ago !! 
logic behind that ? 
none that I can think of . 
We put in our order and although we order 4 appet , the food did n't arriv until 45 minut later ... with our main cours . 
Um so now what are appet for ??? 
Oh I forgot to mention that they do n't have bread servic . 
it a good thing my daughter had some snack in her lunch bag . 
My wife also order a teapot of hot water -lrb- she had a sore throat -rrb- and I guess that sinc it wa onli water , it wa n't a prioriti for them to actual bring it . 
In other word , if they are n't make $ $ off of you then you do n't rate high on their ` servic scale ' . 
food wise , it ok but a bit pricey for what you get consid the restaur is n't a fanci place . 
the upsid of the restaur ? 
If I need to name some they would includ the locat to the beach or golden gate park . 
it great if you spent the day there and did n't want to drive to eat . 
park is reason good , they have their own lot and you can park in the park nearbi . 
anoth plu is the open feel of the restaur with glass wall on all side . 
I 'd hate for tourist to go to park chalet and think that thi is how all san francisco restaur are like . 
alway good . 
-- A sushi-fiend friend recent visit and our group of three just had to come for dinner . 
6pm on a sat befor a broadway play and we were quickli seat and serv . 
amaz spanish macker special appet and perfect box sushi -lrb- that eel with avodcao -- um um um -rrb- . 
As usual the omikas did n't disappoint in fresh , although it score low on creativ and select . 
their specialti roll are impress , though I ca n't rememb what we had . 
great select of sake . 
green tea creme brule get better each time I have it . 
It is n't the cheapest sushi but ha been worth it everi time . 
veri poor custom servic . 
-- schooner or later 's charm locat along the marina in long beach and averag food doe not , unfortun , compens for it veri poor custom servic . 
while thi diner had reason good food , the restaur staff seem complet indiffer to our presenc , and thi attitud wa reflect in the lack of servic . 
As part of a small parti of four , our food wa drop off without comment ; . 
ani further need we may have had could not have been met sinc no one stop by the tabl . 
when we final were abl to flag someon down , it wa someon entir differ from the person who had drop off the food , who wa also not the same person who had taken our order . 
after one member of our parti had been bump repeatedli by a waitress , a polit request that he not be bump sent the waitress into an abus rant . 
A brief convers with the manag at the end of the meal wa the greatest disappoint -- to say we had been `` blown off '' would be an understat . 
the manag continu interrupt with `` Is there anyth els I can do for you '' , a strang comment becaus she had hardli listen , let alon respond to our express of disappoint at our experi . 
she promis to speak to the waitress who had flown off in a rage , but we could hardli take her promis serious , see a she had n't bother to get the waitress name . 
In short , schooner or later could n't have care le about our be at their establish . 
next time we will go somewher els , or tri other restaur close by like mimi 's cafe and claim jumper . 
1 o'clock in the morn . 
you are with a hot date and he/sh ha an urg for sushi ... then thi might be the place . 
the fish wa fresh , though it wa cut veri thin . 
great servic . 
good sake select . 
dung crab here ! 
-- ray 's is the place to go for high qualiti seafood dinner . 
and they give good quantiti for the price . 
We were onli in seattl for one night and I 'm so glad we pick ray for dinner ! 
I love dung crab and at ray 's you can get them serv in about 6 differ way ! 
We share the famili platter and I especi enjoy the black cod in sake kasu . 
I end the meal with the unusu dessert of a port and chocol tast ... yummi ! 
and the servic wa simpli spendid - quit a delight . 
great breakfast . 
-- great drink , corn beef hash , coffe , B fast burrito , gluten free menu . 
the servic is fantast at thi fun place . 
If there is a line veri day of the week for the entir time a place is open , you know it is great . 
thi is the case at thi gem . 
best neighborhood standbi . 
you Ca n't Go wrong here . 
-- everi neighborhood ha a few great local bar that are the best secret . 
In grammercy/union square/east villag thi is my neighbor and my favorit spot . 
the music is great , no night better or wors , the bar tender are gener with the pour , and the lightheart atmospher will lift you spirit . 
serious , you ca n't go wrong , if it is unpretenti local fun you seek . 
Oh , and the chees fri are awesom ! 
good food , great servic , averag price -lrb- for the strip -rrb- . 
-- I decid to eat at stack becaus of their price fix pre-show dinner . 
when I walk in , I wa taken aback by their incred wood decor . 
the music play wa veri hip , 20-30 someth pop music , but the subwoof to the sound system wa locat under my seat , which becam annoy midway through dinner . 
We were quickli seat and request the special dinner , which came with : 1 -rrb- shellfish and shrimp appet or caesar salad , 2 -rrb- 9 oz steak -lrb- with a singl potato chip -rrb- , and 3 -rrb- homemad donut hole . 
I got the shellfish and shrimp appet and it wa alright . 
It wa n't the freshest seafood ever , but the tast and present wa OK . 
befor the steak came , the server told u that the steak did not come with ani side and suggest I pick someth from the menu . 
I pick the asparagu , which turn out to be incred and perfectli prepar . 
It wa steam and toss with garlic . 
the 9 oz steak came next and it tast great , at least initi . 
the steak wa done to my exact like -lrb- medium rare -rrb- and wa nice and juici . 
it? serv with either a peppercorn sauc or red wine reduct , though both were indistinguish in tast . 
though , one thing I realiz later on wa that the restaur either use msg or a meat tender on the steak . 
My mouth felt veri dri afterward and I had that signatur ... msg ... tast linger in my throat after I left the restaur . 
final , the homemad donut hole were serv for desert . 
they came in their own nifti take out box and with some homemad frost ; veri light and not-too-sweet . 
the desert wa the perfect end to an almost perfect dinner . 
the dinner onli took u about an hour and the price were alright for the strip , almost $ 50/pp after tax and tip -lrb- about averag -rrb- . 
but the server were extrem attent and veri friendli . 
overal , I would go back and eat at the restaur again . 
just rememb to dress a littl urban-ch so you don?t look too far out of place . 
good sake , good food -- i honestli do n't know much about japanes food at all . 
In the past sake usuallli just tast kind of like salti water to me . 
server made sever sake suggest which were veri good . 
had mani dish but the best wa the lobster 3 way . 
veri good ! 
overpr . 
-- We dine at the colorado locat today . 
wait 35 minut for a tabl for 8 which wa ok for such a big crowd . 
the waiter wa a bit unfriendli and the feel of the restaur wa crowd . 
also , there wa onli one bathroom stall - probabl need more for such big crowd . 
most importantli , we were so excit about the food after see the veri creativ menu . 
At best , the food wa good and defin overpr . 
for the amount of food we got the price should have been lower . 
not sure if I would go back . 
My favorti pizza joint in seattl . 
-- thi is my `` must bring out of town guest to '' restaur and they alway enjoy and rave about it . 
In fact , mani want to return a second time dure their visit . 
the pizza is delici and the salad are fantast . 
I 've alway found the wait staff and , if you sit at the bar , the cook veri friendli . 
they are n't the most talk , but everytim I 've been there they have been veri busi , which probabl account for the lack of convers . 
I also realli enjoy the simplic of the decor and intim feel of a small restaur . 
It 's just the right size for the menu . 
excel . 
-- My husband and I love eat at mioposto caf . 
We 're ca n't say enough about their delici gourmet pizza 's ! 
you wo n't be disappoint by their menu . 
the pizza 's are thin crust and the menu offer veri creativ combin and top . 
you never feel icki and stuf after you eat there . 
the pizza 's are light and scrumptiou . 
tri the pizza ensalata ! 
It 's a salad on top of pizza crust . 
absolut delici . 
the pizza 's are not huge and the crust is thin ... keep that in mind when you 're order . 
worth the wait . 
-- had to wait thirti minut to get in the door on a tuesday morn , but it wa so worth it . 
the food is sin . 
the staff wa realli friendli . 
the atmospher wa great . 
the specialti here is decad pancak , but I 've been back now four time , and I 've been wow everi time . 
noth on the menu is le than amaz . 
Go with some friend , wait the half hour or so with a cup of joe , and enjoy more than your averag breakfast . 
good eat . 
whose write all the great review ? 
whi is it that -lrb- almost -rrb- everi good review is by `` anonym ? '' 
I do n't know whi anyon would want to write a great review about thi place . 
I have been to thi place , folk and it is bad . 
mayb it is good for that one night onc in a blue moon when the chef decid to use fish that 's half-way decent . 
I have been here , spent ton of money on a chef special dinner and it wa a major dissappoint . 
fanci piec of exot fish on a $ 100 dollar plate and not one wa eatabl . 
donot GO ! 
delici . 
-- the atmospher is great for ani special occas you might want to celebr . 
the best dish are the honwi walnut prawn - just outstand . 
the servic is realli attent and charm . 
4 locat . 
-- they have 4 locat . 
the 2 list and then one in southglenn mall park lot which is review here and one in Ft collin . 
We wait for an hour to be seat . 
the servic wa excel , the coffe wa good even by starbuck standard and the food wa outstand . 
It wa worth the wait . 
plan on wait 30-70 minut . 
will definit be back . 
southglenn is largest locat . 
delici ... ! 
-- I recent had the pleasur of dine a thi delight restaur on 2nd street and wow what a great even we had . 
the food is fantast , authent , delici and veri , veri afford . 
the decor wa beauti and uniqu . 
there wa a realli nice vibe about the place ... good music , atmospher and happi look peopl . 
our server wa veri profession and friendli . 
To the owner of open sesam ... bravo ... I ca n't wait to come back to dine at your restaur ! 
delect . 
It 's a tini place so if you get there befor 8pm on a weekend -lrb- thurs?sun -rrb- you will find it easier to get a tabl or a seat at the sushi bar . 
onc you 're insid , the real experi begin . 
everyth , and I mean everyth on the menu is delect . 
the waiter are veri experienc and help with pair your drink choic to your food tast or vice versa . 
the sushi is a fresh a it comes?y 'd think ocean wa in their backyard , no joke ! 
If you 're interest in good tast -lrb- without the fish tast or smell -rrb- , larg portion and creativ sushi dish thi is your place ... . 
big thick pepperoni . 
-- the pepperoni 's cut real thick -- yum . 
the pizza itself is not exactli the best I 've had ever , but still pretti good . 
I probabl would n't go back though ` cuz I do n't know if it 's worth it . 
mayb I 'll go back onc more mani year from now when I 've forgotten I went there alreadi . 
sit in the balconi . 
-- not bad . 
food wa good and appet . 
portion wa just enough for me , but may not be for a big eater . 
fair menu select . 
the appet wa interest , but the creme brule wa veri savori and delici . 
indoor ambienc wa modern . 
If it 's nice outsid , request for a tabl in the balconi . 
It 's a great place to peopl watch . 
although the servic could be improv consid the money you put in . 
our drink kept come but our server came by a coupl time . 
should check-up on u more frequent , do n't you think ? 
late night din with exept food . 
-- I did n't want to go there becaus of the review and price I saw on the internet . 
that wa the last night in vega and wa too late and most of the restaur were close - so we walk in the check the place . 
We were seat right away , the tabl wa privat and nice . 
the servic wa except - sometim there wa a feel that we were serv by the armi of friendli waiter . 
the food wa veri good , filet mignon wa probabl the best I 've ever tri . 
the portion are big though , so do not order too much . 
groovi music made the dinner casual . 
the most pleasant surpris wa the check that did not exceed my expect a it alway happen in most of the place . 
I have a but here - there wa a bathroom attend in the restroom which wa odd . 
the bathroom itself is veri small with two toilet and onli one sink , the girl wa stay total on the way hang out paper towel from the dispens . 
there were 3 bottl of perfum on the sink and the line of girl tri to use the sink . 
I felt ackward and next time went to the casino bathroom . 
thi place rock !! 
-- merced restaur is so tasti , the servic is undeni awesom ! 
the chip and salsa are so yummi , and the price are fabul . 
the atmospher is aspir , and the decor is festiv and amaz . 
the cater is out of thi world , and raoul chicken veget soup rock my world !!! 
drink are suberb , and I feel like I am in a third world countri when I walk in the door . 
insultingli overpr . 
- mediocr service/qu . 
-- thi review is for the southglen locat which is not list in citysearch : I wish thi review would make a differ enough for it to be address by manag but snooz ha peopl climb over each other for a chanc to eat at thi overpr restaur with mediocr food and servic , so thi review a well a the other neg one for their larim locat will go unaddress . 
the present of snooz is excel and it is one of those place that you feel more sophist just for be there ; but peel back the layer and you have an overpr ihop with a high brow menu . 
To start off , approxim 8-10 oz of orang juic will cost you $ 3 . 
they serv it in a tall , skinni hour-glass shape glass to disguis the fact that you a get a small juic at the price of a half gallon in a supermarket . 
I should have just ask for the check when I saw that ; but their menu wa so uniqu that I continu . 
the pancak were certainli invent but $ 8.50 for 3 - 6 '' pancak -lrb- one of them wa more like 5 '' -rrb- in the pancak flight -lrb- sampl of 3 differ pancak -rrb- is well over-pr . 
the pancak should be larger -lrb- at least 8 '' -rrb- to justifi the expens even with the uniqu offer . 
the flavor were good but I have had far better pancak at a german pancak specialti restaur that were a littl cheaper but significantli larger . 
On my meal I had to send back my egg for a simpl request of break the yoke befor cook , and would have had to send them back again if I had n't reject the meal all togeth . 
I reject it becaus in the process of attempt to fix the egg they broke someth els in the dish and I wa too frustrat to continu . 
To their credit they remov the dish from the check ; but no manag stop by to ask what the problem wa . 
In the end our check came to $ 27 for 4 small pancak , a breakfast burrito , an orang juic and an ice tea -lrb- I had water -rrb- . 
thi wa 2 time what the same meal would have cost at Le peep . 
snooz provid an invent pancak offer , but Le peep would have provid better servic and qualiti . 
much more than just a great view ! 
-- I am exceedingli pleas to report that my dinner at ray 's boathous last friday complet exceed my expect . 
ray 's is someth of a seattl institut , but given it gorgeou sound view , I had suspect that the accolad were more due to the sceneri than to the food and servic . 
imagin my happi surpris upon find that the view are onli the third-best thing about ray 's ! 
To start thing off , our love server brook wa quickli on hand to take my drink order . 
My parti of two wa feel particularli ambiti , and we splurg on the shilshol sampler ... a beauti assort of enorm white gulf prawn , smoke albacor tuna , ray 's fantast manila clam season with dill , scallop in a tasti soy dress , and a tini pile of dung crab atop a sublim butter sauc . 
for my entr&eacute; , I complet enjoy the sear alaskan sea scallop complement by chard , artichok heart , fennel , and pecorino toscano . 
the scallop are appar cook in a black oliv butter which realli make them uniqu -lrb- not to mention tasti -rrb- . 
My friend enjoy the grill alaskan king salmon with delect cream washington russet potato and crisp green bean . 
I had a tast of all three item on her plate , and they were superb . 
our server continu to be attent throughout the night , but I did remain puzzl by one issu : who think that ray 's is an appropri place to take young child for dinner ? 
two rascal kid were seat near u for the first part of our dinner ... they were replac by a delight preteen who pretend to gag everi time seafood wa mention at her tabl . 
given that ray 's is a seafood restaur ... well , you get the idea ... . 
all consid , I have to say that ray 's boathous is deserv of it titl a a seattl institut . 
while I could have done without the youth who share the even with u , our wonder server and food made the experi a veri posit one . 
Oh yeah ... the view wa good , too . 
thi comput is absolut amazing!!! 
10 plu hour of battery... 
super fast processor and realli nice graphic card.. 
and plenti of storag with 250 gb(though I will upgrad thi and the ram..) 
thi comput is realli fast and i'm shock a to how easi it is to get use to... 
i'v onli had mine a day but i'm alreadi use to it... 
get thi comput for portabl and fast processing!!! 
the laptop wa realli good and it go realli fast just the way i thought it would of run. 
i would realli recommend to ani person out there to get thi laptop caus it realli worth it. 
and it realli cheap and you wont regret buy it. 
As a comput scienc student in college, I find that the portability, longevity, and eas of use of thi comput make me (shockingly) want to do homework more; 
without a big ol' clunki machin in my backpack, I feel like I can do program homework anywhere. 
I highli recommend thi comput for student look for a solid machin to get them through college. 
A great featur is the spotlight search: one can search for document by simpli type a keyword, rather than pars ten of file folder for a document. 
Oh my goodness-i am not a happi camper. 
My HP is veri heavy. 
not easi to carry. 
the batteri ha never work well. 
the batteri get so hot it is scary. 
yet, HP won't do anyth about the problem. 
I return the comput to HP and they kept it for 3 months. 
when I got the comput back and realizw it still wa not correct HP told me it wa out of warranti and now it wa my problem. 
so, you can imagin how unhappi I am with thi item. 
current if I use the laptop I can't sit it on my lap becaus it will burn my legs. 
well, they don't care a bunch. 
but, at the same time they (the company) would not and could not do anyth about my problem. 
I would say if you want to buy one of these machin be careful. 
and, if you are go to deal with HP be careful. 
In my house, HP is a nasti word. 
sinc I purchas my toshiba netbook, I have been veri pleas with it, I have a laptob and a desktop. 
the netbook is easier for me to take to bed and carri around with me. 
the screen take some get use to, becaus it is smaller than the laptop. 
I have not have ani problems. 
the notebook pc,toshiba qosmio is the best gift my father could have ever gotten me. 
He gave me thi PC about 3 year ago and up to thi point im still sit here use it. 
it still going. 
It is in the best condit and ha a realli high quality. 
thi is someth i would deffin reccomend to someone. 
you will not regret buy such a great thing like this! 
It can't get ani better. 
wait on get thi computer, but it ha been a great change. 
eas of use is just one of the benefit I love about my mac. 
thi laptop meet everi expect and window 7 is great! 
it' fast, it' easi easi easi to set up, easi to hook to my wireless network. 
it' even easi to hook up to other wireless networks. 
the batteri doesn't last long but i'm sure an upgrad batteri would solv that problem. 
I don't use my laptop in a way though that need a long batteri life so it' perfect for me. 
most everyth is fine with thi machine: speed, capacity, build. 
the onli thing I don't understand is that the resolut of the screen isn't high enough for some pages, such a yahoo!mail. 
I bought it for realli cheap also and it' amazing. 
recommend to peopl a their first laptop. 
plain and simple, it(laptop) run great and load fast. 
easi to carry, can be taken anywhere, can be hook up to printers,headsets. 
i'm alreadi hook on the sleek look and depend that thi laptop ha shown. 
be a PC user my whole life, it' take a bit of time to adapt to the OS of a mac but i'm find my way around. 
the unibodi design is edgi and durable. 
the led backlit display make my pictur pop so much more. 
i'm learn the finger option for the mousepad that allow for quicker brows of web pages. 
A key contributor that led me to mac is the art aspect. 
they have develop excel proprietari softwar for edit video and pictur and i'm look forward to util these tool on the regular. 
i'm excit to learn more about what thi power machin ha to offer and encourag other to do the same. 
it' more expens but well worth it in the long run. 
great product, veri easi to use and great graphics. 
one drawback, I wish the key were backlit. 
i'm glad I bought thi laptop, it wa worth the few ($100) extra dollars. 
It had most of the featur and all of the power that I want to replac my desktop machine. 
I wasn't realli a concern about portabl (it' a veri larg laptop) but it' not hard to move around or take on a trip which wa a pleasant surprise. 
i'm veri happi with thi machine! 
I love the size, keyboard, the functions. 
I don't realli have a complaint. 
It is easi to use, good qualiti and good price. 
perfect trifecta! 
I would recommend thi product. 
the salesman talk u into thi comput away from anoth we were look at and we have had noth but problem with softwar problem and just not happi with it. 
thi is my first dell I heard their custom servic wa lack and that they were work on improv it! 
the dvd burner broke after burn 3 dvd'd dure that time! 
they sent me a replac part and without inform me are requir that I return it within 15 day or contact them and let them know the broken part will be return later. 
If thi is an improv in custom servic then I would hate too see what it wa before! 
I spoke to 4 differ peopl and wa told they need to transfer me to a 5th person! 
needless to say I told them No and have a nice day and hung up! 
I can guarante thi will be the last dell I will ever purchase! 
break within 1 year of purchas and speak to 4+ peopl to report the damag part will be return late! 
I do not recommend thi compani or their products!!!! 
So far, a great product. 
high price tag, however. 
still tri to learn how to use it. 
it is the worst comput dell ever made. 
it is hard to fix and make it a hassl to own one. 
break easily. 
onli good thing is the graphic quality. 
there are so mani wonder featur and benefit to the new macbook! 
No viruses! 
thi laptop is fast and you will liter learn all you can do with thi dynamo by just watch the onlin tutorials. 
I am loyal to apple. 
I am veri happy! 
thi just keep have it' hard drive replaced! 
acer won't replac the laptop. 
the manufacturer' warranti onli cover replacement/repair of parts. 
thi thing is a lemon. 
thi macbook is an outstand product with great value. 
it eas of use and the top servic from apple- be it their phone assist or belli up to the geniu bar- cannot be beat. 
suffic it to say, my macbook pro keep me go with it long batteri life and blaze speed. 
It doe run a littl warm but that is a neglig concern. 
I have had noth but problem sinc the day I took it out of the box! 
My first problem wa with the pre-load norton firewall/secur program. 
It would not let me connect to my wifi system where I lived. 
It took toshiba tech support 4 call and 4 differ tech to correct the problem. 
then just the other day, my left "mouse" button snapped! 
be onli 2 month old, I am not a happi camper! 
buyer beware. 
thi one, in my opinion, might be a lemon! 
It rare work and when it doe it' incred slow. 
I have had to take it to the geek squad guy to get it fix becaus it ha had viru 3 time and i have not even had it for more then 4 months! 
*if you are look for A good laptop, thi IS not it! 
like the price and operation. 
some featur arent friendli ( volum wheel, sound quality, etc. 
but, for the cost thi is a winner. 
I absolut love my mac! 
I can't imagin my life without it anymore! 
i'v haven't had ani major problem with the laptop except that the plastic piec that cover the usb port wire have all come off. 
appar they are defect sinc they are not secur attached. 
I can bare use ani usb devic becaus they will not stay connect properly. 
I call toshiba and they want me to be without my laptop for about two week while they look at the problem. 
I think I might rather suffer for someth that is simpl to fix in my opinion. 
I bought thi laptop wa the worst laptop i'v ever bought. 
I spent alot of money on thi product and it been a nightmare. 
and have to deal with the compani ha been a even wors nightmare. 
they sent it back with a huge crack in it and it still didn't work. 
and that wa the fourth time ive sent it to them to get fixed. 
it been a year and am still wait to see what there go to do about my laptop. 
So if anyon look to buy a comput or laptop you should stay far far away from ani that have the name toshiba on it... 
I save for thi laptop for 3 month and I can tell you person it wa worth the wait. 
the display on thi comput is the best i'v seen in a veri long time, the batteri life is veri long and veri convienent. 
A littl pricey but it is well, well worth it. 
It is amazing. 
In the first moth of own thi comput it hardriv fail which had to be replaced. 
after replac the hard drive the batteri stop work  (3 month of use) which wa frustrating. 
then after 4 or so month the charger stop work so I wa forc to go out and buy new hardwar just to keep thi comput running. 
A tip for peopl look into thi computer: DO not buy IT save up a bit more money and buy a comput that will last. 
ha a 5-6 hour batteri life. 
It is easi to use and lightweight. 
wa veri much worth the price i paid. 
thi netbook went bad on me after 3 days. 
there is a blank light screen when I start and that is all. 
three week after I bought the netbook, the screen quit working. 
I babi my electron so I know for a fact it wa defect and not anyth that I did to it. 
overal I feel thi netbook wa poor quality, had poor performance, although it did have great batteri life when it did work. 
took the netbook on a vacat trip and I wa abl to do whatev I want to do without lug a much heavier laptop. 
the So call laptop run to slow and I hate it! 
Do not buy it! 
It is the worst laptop ever 
the imag is great, and the soud is excelent. 
i love th notebook. 
I love the glass touchpad. 
easi learn curve. 
also the display is exceptional! 
I have love thi sinc i took it out of the box. 
the batteri is realli long. 
the featur are great, the onli thing it need is better speakers. 
small and light weight. 
speaker too small to be of ani real use. 
keyboard good size and wasi to use. 
I like it! 
meet my need perfectli and is light enough for thi senior to carri without affect my arthritis. 
needless to say, not to happi with the product. 
thi is a great machine! 
the design is awesome, qualiti is unprecedented. 
appar well-built and gorgeou to look at, the i5 macbook pro is a win combin of price and performance. 
It is by far one of the greatest invest I have ever made. 
Am veri glad I bought it, great netbook, low price. 
veri good qualiti and well made. 
great pick for portabl and affordability. 
the black model also ha a veri nice seamless appear - one of the better look notebook i'v seen. 
the onli problem is a lack of screen resolutions! 
If you need an affordable, entry-level laptop, thi will fit the bill. 
I dislik the weight and size, cubersome. 
I dislik the qualiti and the placement of the speakers. 
overall, it' ok. 
laptop is advertis a a 15" but the case look like that of a 17". 
thi laptop is veri larg and bare fit in ani carri cases. 
peform is good for the price. 
If you'r not want to be mobile, thi is a good laptop to sit on a desk. 
had to have thi comput repair twice in the first 5 month after purchas it. 
not good for a person who get onlin daily. 
may be better for the occasion web surfer. 
I just got thi laptop for college, and so far I am veri happi with it. 
It is so much easier to use 
good keyboard, long batteri life, largest hard drive and window 7. 
and toshiba is a qualiti supplier. 
I love thi littl one. 
the keyboard ha a wonder natur feel. 
great batteri life. 
keyboard is reason size. 
small screen somewhat limit but great for travel. 
charger seem larg for thi class of computer. 
great laptop for the price, work well with action pack games. 
the onli thing that I have, is the key broad is a littl dark to see the letters, would help if it wa a littl lighter then it is. 
but other then that I would give thi product a 4 in hafe stars. 
good for everi day comput and web browsing. 
A great comput for light home use and busi use. 
might not make the avid gamer happi but I don't realli think that is what thi comput is design for. 
crisp screen, great batteri life, and plenti of storage. 
veri happy. 
He love it and it is easi to use and well the school start teach the kid earli about comput so it wa easi for him to get started. 
I would recomend thi acer to parent and grandpar it can realli help them in school. 
MY onli problem IS I can not reg. the product key. 
IT want take it, IT keep say error. 
help, help, other than that get A great littl wonder. 
it' fast and ha excel batteri life. 
the screen show great colors. 
I wa surpris with the perform and qualiti of thi HP laptop. 
the speed is fine. 
but with A way bigger screen, and IS abl to connect to an hdmi. 
love it. 
I would recommend thi comput to anyon search for the perfect laptop, and the batteri life is amazing. 
I bought thi lap top and the charg time dosen't last AS long AS they say IT will more like 2 hour 
thi comput is the ideal colleg companion. 
it' softwar and speed enabl it to do amaz things. 
I am not happi at all with the product I purchased. 
A cheaper price should not equal a "cheap" product. 
It wa over rated! 
the toshiba laptop wa a great purchase. 
the price wa veri good, and the product is top quality. 
the deliveri wa fast, and I would not hesit to purchas thi laptop again. 
It ha easi to use featur and all the speed and power I could ask for. 
true qualiti at a great price! 
I am enjoy it and the qualiti it provid is great! 
toshiba is a great brand, even though I haven't had it for a long time, I am veri happi with it! 
the screen graphic and clarity, and sharp are great. 
i'v alreadi recommend thi laptop to a friend who eye'd the comput when I took it out of my bag. 
I like the laptop overall. 
the onli thing i can say is that the touch pad doesnt work like it should all the time. 
sometim you realli have to tap the pad to get it to work 
thi is a great littl comput for the price. 
simpl to use, and great graphics. 
It ha everyth I would need for a home computer. 
i'm veri impressed. 
It wa secur and easi to navigate. 
It is everyth that I would want in a computer. 
besid the great look, it is a great machine. 
onc again appl stand alon at the top of the charts. 
I enjoy veri much my new toshiba, purchas specifi for attend onlin schooling. 
I have found it veri easi to use, veri imformative, wonder alert and tutori make it veri easi for someon like me who is not exactli technolog advanc to learn to use the variou featur and programs. 
I have found also, it is veri easi to be abl to access wireless internet access; without have to have extra equip and/or complic rout to take to be abl to do so. 
I also love the small, conveni size of my laptop, make it a perfect tool for my academ studies. 
I am veri pleas with my purchase! 
thi laptop serf all my needs. 
screen size is perfect for portabl use in ani environment. 
price and purpos is awesome! 
I have been veri pleas with the perform of thi laptop. 
the batteri life seem to be veri good, and have had no issu with it. 
great product. 
the laptop wa veri easi to set up. 
everyth wa so easy. 
they were abl to set-up with labtop themselv within a few minutes. 
It work fine with our wireless and they'v had not problems. 
it' a great product for a great price! 
wait on get thi computer, but it ha been a great change. 
eas of use is just one of the benefit I love about my mac. 
the servic I receiv from toshiba went abov and beyond the call of duty. 
My friend report the notebook is astonish in performance, pictur quality, and eas of use. 
It is extrem portabl and easili connect to wifi at the librari and elsewhere. 
just what the doctor ordered. 
I cannot be happier with the servic or product. 
power suppli went bad after 2 week -- 
after much effort and 10 day asu replac it 
the wifi is veri weak. 
summary: spend your money elsewher 
thi is a nice size laptop with lot of process power and long batteri life. 
love it so far. 
the toshiba net book oper veri well. 
the onli object I have is that after you buy it the window 7 system is a starter and charg for the upgrade. 
I bought thi netbook for traveling, and it' great - light, functional, and meet my needs. 
the touchpad is extrem sensitive, which is the onli drawback. 
otherwise, I love it! 
I wasn't realli sure I want to spend that kind of money! 
It wa a great deal after all. 
I love it! 
I should have bought one a long time ago. 
not enough time for me to give it 5 stars! 
i'v had the macbook pro 15 for about three weeks, and it realli is a great computer. 
I have onli had pc with window befor so thi take a littl get use to. 
the real stand out on thi comput is the feel of the keyboard and it' speed. 
It is fast boot up , shut down, and connect with the internet. 
the one thing I wish it had wa a detail hardcopi manuel. 
I think the manual is somewher on the hard drive, but I rather have a hard copy. 
If what you need is a machin to do some surfing, email checking, word processing, and watch a movi or two, thi is the machin you want. 
it' price veri reason and work veri well right out of the box. 
nice and portabl and definit a decent enough system to keep you entertain while sit in the airplan for a coupl of hours, or at the hotel take care of some last minut detail and documents. 
the screen/video resolut won't increas to a higher resolut then 1024 x 60 
that be said, it still run video in full screen decently. 
the sound is a bit quiet if you'r on a plane, thi can easili be overcom with a decent pair of head phones. 
bottom line, I doubt you'd be overli disappoint if you invest in thi machine. 
yes, I thought the expes wa a littl much, but I now realiz you get what you pay for. 
I love my apple, it is quick and easi to use. 
i'v had to call appl support to set up my new printer and have had wonder experi with helpful, english speak (from vancouver) tech that walk me through the process to help me. 
I can't say enough of how satisfi I am with their product and help aftermarket. 
money and time well spent! 
highli recommended! 
the 13" macbook pro just fit in my budget and with free ship and no tax to CA thi is the best price we can get for a great product. 
the macbook arriv in a nice twin pack and seal in the box, all the function work great. 
speaker doesn't sound that great. 
love the speed, especially! 
So glad I decid to upgrade! 
i'v own thi labtop for le then two months, alreadi the mous button ha broke. 
still under warrenti so call toshiba, no help at all. 
i'm stuck w/ a broken computer. 
will not buy anoth toshiba, thi is my second, not happi w/ either. 
I love it solid build, light wt and excel batteri life (for now). 
excel led monitor and well equipped. 
I love the appl products. 
the toshiba mini notebook, model NB 305-n410bl, is a great littl computer. 
It is easi to use, it keyboard easili accommod larg hands, and it weight is fantasic. 
upgrad from window 7 starter, thru window 7 home premium, to window 7 profession wa a snap; 
both upgrad were quickli accomplish after purchas the necessari product key. 
other instal features, such a certain printer software, are also most attractive. 
ever sinc I bought thi laptop, so far i'v experi noth but constant break down of the laptop and bad custom servic I receiv over the phone with toshiba custom servic hotlines. 
I constantli had to send my laptop in for servic everi 3 month and it alway seem to be the same problem that they said they had alreadi fixed. 
toshiba custom servic will indirectli deal with your problem by constantli tranfer you from one countri to another, and I am not kid you, I call differ hour of the day and you'll get someon els from anoth countri tri to get you to tell them your life stori all over again, sinc they make it sound like they don't have your histori list of your call right in front of them. 
it' a long and tir process that after a while it seem like their game plan wa to wear you out so you would want to give up on contact them. 
and at one point, they blame me for instal a bad memori stick when I upgrad my memori for the first time dure my purchas of the laptop (I bought the memori stick they recomended). 
long stori short, sinc I experi so mani problem with my laptop everi sinc I bought it from day one, I didn't ask for a new laptop or a refund of what I pay for a crapi laptop, but just an extens of my laptop warranti for anoth year, they made a big deal of out that and after so mani call and complaint about their product and services, they final gave in. 
wa thi product worth my time and money to ever want to purchas anoth product that is toshiba or relat to toshiba? 
i'll rather be out of date then spend more money on toshiba. 
rememb to do your research first befor consid buy a toshiba product. 
all I can say is w-o-w. 
thi laptop is insane!!! 
it' so nice to look at and the key are easi to type with. 
I bought a protector for my key pad and it work great :) 
thi is definit a comput worth the money; 
the mous is a littl bit differ than what you'r use to though- it ha one big flat panel and one full bar (instead of two separ ones) to click with- but you get use to it quit quickly. 
and the best part is that it even come with a free printer (when they have a certain promotion/off going, of course)! 
overall, thi laptop is definit a keeper with it simpl yet stylish design and it array of fantast color to choos from. 
the appl team also assist you veri nice when choos which comput is right for you :) 
obviously, thi macbook is p-e-r-f-e-c-t for me becaus it doe exactli what I need in an easy-to-funct way. 
definit recommended!!! 
not a bad laptop, it' a bit slow, but get the job done. 
the lcd screen stop work on mine after 10 months. 
I could not find a phone number anywher to call an actual live person for tech support and had to result the their onlin chat. 
upon give them the serial number the first thing I wa told, wa that it wa out of warranti and I could pay to have it repair even though I had the receipt in front of me prove it still had 2 month left on the warranty. 
even though I had the receipt in front of me prove it still had 2 month left on the warranty. 
deal with the support drone on the other end of the chat wa sheer torture. 
english must have been hi third or fourth language. 
hi languag wa so bad I swore I wa take the ture test, and it wa failing. 
after tri to get some help he disconnect on me. 
after 4 days, be deni 6 time and told off once, I manag to get through and wa abl to send them a scan copi of the receipt. 
then they had me jump through mani hoop and question to see if they could find anoth way to invalid me. 
after they found no other way, they told me to courier it to them(sinc they don't allow the use of the post office) at my expense, and sent me a 4 page list of veri specif packag instruct to follow or it wouldn't be covered. 
I manag to compli with these too and now have to wait and see if they can find anoth way to screw me. 
they realli do have the world veri worst repair service. 
thi comput get veri hot, befor shut down. 
It is not ideal for child becaus of the temp. 
I contact hpabout thi situat and wa given excuses, without results. 
they didn't even tri to assist me or even offer a replacement. 
I will never purchas a HP again ever. 
let' just get thi out of the way, I love apple! 
but the macbook is the best! 
It is super easi to use. 
all you have to do is turn it on and it works. 
It is veri durable, I am pretti rough when it come to electron and it ha taken it all with no reprecut yet. 
I don't do ani high tech stuff on it, just write papers, check mail, and sometim play games, so I can't reccomend it if you are in the comput field. 
In the past four year i'v had it I have never onc gotten a virus. 
I did have to replac the batteri once, but that wa onli a coupl month ago and it' been work perfect ever since. 
I would definit reccomend thi if you are in the market for an easi to use, stylish, fun, awesom computer. 
also it is veri good for colleg student who just need a reliable, easi to use computer. 
thi laptop doe everyth I need it to veri well. 
the best thing about thi laptop is the price along with some of the newer features. 
the screen is bright and the keyboard is nice; 
I find myself use the 10-key more than I thought I would. 
batteri is last about 6 hour a I am surf the web on sunday while check footbal score and watch funni youtub videos. 
for those that care about nois thi thing doesn't realli make any; 
the i3 processor doesn't seem to run hot and the fan rare turn on. 
I took off a star becaus the machin ha a lot of junk softwar on it. 
I wish toshiba would allow their custom to select an option that onli boot the OS at setup and remov all the unnecessari stuff. 
onc I remov all the softwar the laptop load in 15-20 seconds. 
thi is not a seriou game laptop or a seriou medium machine; 
my niec and nephew have play a few web game and it run anyth that doesn't requir a dedic video card. 
overal I am veri satisfi with the purchase. 
great, quick laptop for the money. 
right size and weight for portability. 
batteri life need more life. 
batteri is not upgrad to a longer life battery. 
I love everyth about it. 
the onli downfal is the batteri onli last 1.5-2.0 hr when not plug in. 
I would like at least a 4 hr. batteri life. 
otherwise, all other featur are a 1 
thi mac is great! 
lightweight, long batteri life, excel transit from pc; 
thi ha been noth but A headach sinc WE purchas it. 
I will never buy (refurbished) again, I don't cae how cheap it is. 
just don't wast your time and money on this. 
I tri give it 0 star but I had to choos at least one, but imo NO star 
summary: dont buy hp. 
If you buy, pray you dont have major prolems. 
run hot 
I thought we were pay for qualiti in our decis to buy an appl product. 
after a littl more than a year of own my macbook pro, the monitor ha complet died. 
thi purchas open me to the world of macbooks, and I am impress with the intuit of the design, the beauti of the product, and the excel technolog advanc associ with it. 
then 2 of my nephew were go into music and both fell in love with the macbook pro. 
now they are believ in the product. 
It is easi to use, ha great screen quality, and everi so light weight. 
thi littl netboook is help me get work done! 
I homeschool my kid and with thi netbook next to my desk we get to teach and illustr without skip a beat. 
I am first time mac buyer and am amaz at featur and eas of use the mac offers. 
I bought it for my mom and she report that the batteri life last all day for her, it' veri lightweight, and the respons for the comput she' do (internet focus activity: mail, research, etc.) is excellent; 
the overal build qualiti of the unit is excel and she'd recommend it to anyon els look for a netbook. 
If you'r look for someth to fli through those massiv spreadsheet or play a graphics-intens game, you'd be better off get a machin aim at that segment of the market. 
previou laptop were pc's, still have them, but the mac osx is a clean and smooth oper system. 
still test the batteri life a i thought it would be better, but am veri happi with the upgrade. 
probabl a good a you can get in a netbook, doe everyth I ask for and ha some veri good unexpect pluses. 
ha met or exceed my need for a compact travel device. 
So far, so good! 
i'v been impress with the batteri life and the perform for such a small amount of memory. 
I don't understand whi onli window 7 starter is included. 
strong perform in thi devic make use of fun and a strong sens of the era of speed 
thi devic serf all modern requir is a veri strong game and is veri use for designers. 
enjoy that toshib forc and durabl unparallel 
need longer last battery, more than 1 to 2 hrs. 
need power and mous cabl to plug in back instead of side, In the way of oper a mous in small area. 
for the use it wa purchas for it is a good laptop. 
comfterbal to use light easi to transport. 
I love thi product becaus it is toshiba and it 15.6". 
It ha no camera but, I can alway buy and instal one easy. 
I had a usb connect but, i can't use it becaus it is not compatible. 
that' the downsid for me. 
but, I would recommend thi product. 
satisfi what I paid for it. 
good monitor and perform well. 
I am use the extern speaker- sound is good. 
best thing is I can use exist 32 bit old programs. 
I recommend for word process and internet users. 
the game includ are veri good games. 
I would highli recommend thi one to my friend 
I bought thi laptop becaus of the perform to price ratio. 
It work great for gener internet use, microsoft offic apps, home bookkeeping, etc. 
It doesn't have a lot of frills, but I didn't need any, and be abl to buy what I needed, and not more than I need wa veri important. 
thi comput I use daili nice compact design. 
excel speed for process data. 
and if you are a game player it work with world Of warcraft wonderfully. 
all in all great item highli recommend it. 
i would have to say that overal it great! 
asid from the trial softwar and the short batteri life, lack of a webcam, it great. 
fast, great visual! 
Oh yea, ha no numer pad on the side. 
2nd best comput in the world  onli one way thi comput might becom the best is that it need to upgread patch  to make le easier for peopl to hack into 
My favorit part of thi comput is that it ha a vga port so I can connect it to a bigger screen. 
great wifi too. 
the screen is a littl glary, and I hate the click buttons, but I got use to them. 
overal for the money thi is a good deal. 
there is no number pad to the right of the keyboard which is a bummer. 
the speaker are terribl and are probabl the cheapest one I have ever seen in a laptop so if your plan to listen to music I suggest you get someth better. 
while the keyboard itself is alright, the plate around it is cheap plastic and make a hollow sound when use the mous command buttons. 
I am overal veri pleas with my toshiba satellite, I like the extra features, I love the window 7 home premium. 
the batteri life ha not decreas sinc I bought it, so i'm thrill with that. 
I also love the design, the looks, the feel, and the my toshiba featur is wonderfull. 
I would easli reccomend thi laptop to a friend. 
couldnt not use it. 
tri to make a recovey disk wouldnt get pass the first recoveri disk. 
defect software. 
return it to walmart. 
I would like to have volum button rather than the adjust that is on the front. 
I also had a problem with the touchpad that caus the mous pointer to jump all over the screen. 
I went to toshiba onlin help and found some suggest to fix it. 
one of them seem to have worked. 
it a good laptop for it value. 
registration/1st use is easy. 
featur like the font are veri block-lik and old school. 
would like more trendy, high tech features. 
the start menu is not the easiest thing to navig due to the stacking. 
key stick period and I havent had the laptop for 45 day yet. 
came fulli load - good. 
seem to slow down occassion but can run mani applic (ie internet tabs, programs, etc) simultaneously. 
i'm realli impress with the qualiti and perform for the price of the computer. 
graphic are clean and sharp, internet interfac are seamless. 
onli issu is that it is a littl slow, and i'm fix that by ad more ram. 
sound card is limit though. 
the laptop is veri lightweight, can easili carri around in a knapsack full of text book and it bare add ani weight. 
It is small enough to fit in one of my purses! 
window 7 starter is terrif (no you can't chang the background) but I don't need to, I use it just for school work. 
the batteri life is amazing, the versitil is outstanding. 
the eas of set up wa terrific. 
I wa even abl to uninstal mcaff and instal one of my symantec licens with a no issu whatsoever. 
I had to adjust my mousepad sensitivity, becaus it is veri sensitive. 
keyboard is great, veri quiet for all the type that I do. 
screen is crystal clear, ye it' small - but it' a netbook! 
awesom laptop and the perfect size to carri around in college. 
I couldn't believ how long the batteri last on a singl charge. 
I load window 7 via bootcamp and it work flawlessly! 
simpli amaz computer!! 
I realli like the mac 15.4in. notebook, but it veri pricey. 
love the graphics, awesom program (includ garageband), and realli cool default background. 
but, like I said before, the onli reason I don't current have a mac laptop is becaus all of their laptop are too pricey. 
wait for the i7 wa well worth it, great valu for the price. 
bigger hd, better graphic card, and a bid hd. 
there is noth to complain about the system. 
I have use pc' and convert to thi macbook pro wa easy. 
If you have the money I suggest go for the i7. 
I occassionali use it for work via vpn and it ha not given me ani problems. 
the screen is nice and the imag come veri clear, the keyboard and the fit just feel right. 
I consid myself an averag user and thi comput serf my need. 
the price is anoth drive influenc that made me purchas thi laptop. 
i't nice to have the higher-end laptops, but thi fit my budget and the featur I need. 
I normal dont particip in reviews/survey but thi laptop ha not given me ani problem and hope to share my thoughts... 
anoth satisfi customer. 
the appl macbook is the best invest that I have ever made. 
the newer macbook that I have purchas is one of the best computers. 
I am a colleg student and it ha been veri useful. 
It ha all the featur that are necessari for colleg and if not they are abl to be ad onto the computer. 
It ha a lot of memori and a great batteri life. 
It is sleek and lightweight and charg quickli when needed. 
it white color is stylish for colleg student and easi to take to carri and take to classes. 
iphoto is great for ad pictur right to facebook and other social network sites. 
the internet capabl are also veri strong and pick up signal veri easily. 
I have never had to shut down the comput unexpectedli and the comput ha never froze on me. 
the screen is bright and vivid and the keyboard is veri easi to use, veri import for use quick typers. 
overall, thi is a wonder comput and definitli worth the purchase! 
the graphic are stunning. 
it' wonder for comput gaming. 
I would definit suggest thi laptop! 
It is veri user friendli and not hard to figur out at all. 
It ha mani great programs, such a ilife, iphoto and others. 
ilif is easili compat with microsoft offic so you can send and receiv file from a pc. 
In addition, all the design tool on page and keynot make it much easier to creat profession look document and presentations. 
thi come in veri handi for me a an educator. 
iphoto is an excel program for store and organ photos. 
It allow you to automat upload photo to your facebook account with one click. 
In addition, there is photo detect softwar that will allow you to group all the photo togeth base upon the peopl in the picture. 
If you are look for someth reliable, thi is the laptop for you. 
thi comput wa awful! 
I will never buy anoth comput from dell ever again do to how aw it work and how I wa treat by the company. 
the comput first start malfunct 3 month after purchas it. 
It doe not keep internet signal no matter where you bring it. 
the system it come with doe not work properly, so when tri to fix the problem with it it start not work at all. 
when call dell for help, reurn, or a new comput they were not use and left it up to myself to figur out what to do with it. 
one year of tri to fix the comput by myself, with help of friends, and even help from comput expert I have given up on tri to fix it. 
thi comput wa awful, I would never recomend it to anoth person. 
those moment in thime where you want to throw someth against the wall? 
yeah, I want to throw that lap top out the window and light it on fire. 
that' how frustrat it was. 
It is so simpl to use, I use it more than my desktop. 
It is well worth the money it cost, veri good investment. 
the new macbook pro 15 inch i7 is noth short of amazing. 
the speed is incred and I am more than satisfied. 
bought from wal-mart, I believ that thi laptop wa A repair item. 
thi laptop wa bad from the first day OF use----brought IT back TO store for return OF money. 
now AM veri aprehens about toshiba laptops. 
will not everi buy another--------l 
thi is a great valu for the money. 
thi is a great computer. 
We haven't had ani problem with it at all. 
the bodi is a bit cheapli made so it will be interest to see how long it hold up. 
overal though, for the money spent it' a great deal. 
but let me tell you, the mac book pro is so professional. 
it veri nice and onc you learn the featur you will be so happi to have such a sophist computer. 
for example, when my husband turn the light out while i'm on the computer. the screen bright automat adjusts. 
It is veri easi to type on and feel great - besid the ad featur that the keyboard is lighted. 
oh, it is such a great piec of equipment. 
it offic compatible, but the featur and it function is all new again so you might a well save the money and just learn the pre instal mac programs. 
I get a ton of compliment on it size, and speak a someon who regularli commut on a bus, I can attest to the fact that thi is the perfect size comput if you'r restrict to the width of your bodi for comput room. 
veri long-lif batteri (up to 10-11 hour depend on how you configur power level settings). 
I upgrad the memori and replac the base window 7 starter to win 7 home, and it run just fine. 
I play a lot of casual game online, and the touchpad is veri responsive. 
I wouldn't play a first-person shooter with this, mind, but if you want to run MS office, email, chat, download a video, listen to music from a certain fruit-nam music store, and were look for a highli portabl yet power netbook to do that all in, i'd highli recommend check thi out. 
the downsid to thi netbook is pretti much the same for ani netbook: screen size is not someth i'd stare at for the entir 10-11 hour of batteri life five day a week. 
addit caveat: the base instal come with some toshiba-specif softwar that may or may not be to a user' liking. 
everyth from the design to the OS is simpl and to the point. 
love IT love IT love it! 
It realli is perfect for work and play. 
I am abl to play 720p and 1080p medium file just fine with it. 
everyth I have tri ha work and I never have to carri the wall charger caus the batteri is so awesome. 
the onli thing that isn't perfect about thi netbook is the speakers, they are not loud at all but I expect that. 
I upgrad it' ram to 2gb, I am veri happi with it. 
lot of preload software. 
the onli problem is that i had to add 1 gb ram, the comput wa kinda slow. 
tosiba ha a good reputation, my llast comput wa an acer. 
thi is start off good. 
what a great littl laptop. 
mayb not the cut edg (satellit l455d) but it is a workhorse. 
I bought it to use in colleg and it is perfect. 
I dual boot with linux and that other security-pron OS and it perform flawlessly. 
I made a perfect decis when I bought the toshiba! 
excel product for the money. 
No problems, no lock ups, no disappointments. 
not super fancy, but not super expens either. 
highli recommend for daili use. 
the comput itself is a good product but the repair depot stinks. 
I have had to send in my laptop three time to get it fixed. 
toshiba doe not send ani one out unless you have paid extra to have the on site repair done. 
I would tell the technician I knewexactlywhat wa wrong with it but they did not listen and I had to go through a bunch of junk to get them to tell me I need to send the comput in. 
thi comput that I have ha had issu with the keyboard where it lost half the keyboard functions. 
As well a have the plug in the comput come loose. 
So have the AC plug go out on me and get lose or I could actual here it insid my comput on two of the three time is not good. 
It still seem to be a littl lose now but so far seem to be hang in there. 
the mac book pro perform flawlessly. 
never had a singl problem, and don't have to worri about viruses. 
while I mostli use it for email, internet and gaming, i'm confid all other applic live up to the high standard i'v come to appreci from mac laptops. 
worth the invest and truli a fine piec of equipment. 
right out of the box, thi littl netbook did everyth I ask of it, includ stream the everyday video you'r bound to encount check mail and websit (mi biggest complaint previously). 
It even ha a great webcam, and skype work veri well. 
the fact that you can spend over $100 on just a webcam underscor the valu of thi machine. 
the window 7 starter is, in my opinion, a great way to think about use your netbook: basics, basics, basics. 
I wipe nearli everyth off of it, instal openoffic and firefox, and I am oper an incred effici and use machin for a great price. 
thi netbook is a perfect supplementari comput to anoth laptop or desktop (mi wife and I have anoth laptop), or if you are a user who us the comput for simpl tasks. 
I use thi for my tutor business, and sinc i'm alway bounc from student to student, it is ideal for portabl and batteri life (yes, it get the 8 hour a advertised!). 
asu ha done an outstand job of evolv their netbooks, and I would recommend thi to anyon who both understand their need and how netbook can fit them. 
littl short on ram but you get what you pay for. 
the hing design forc you to place variou connect all around the computer, left right and front. 
the headphon and mic jack are in front of touch-pad make the touch-pad hard to use when use headphones/mic, not to mention the laptop wa design for right hand person. 
cord come out the right for power plu cord come out front for headphones/m plu network connect on left make for a veri messi setup with cord go everi direction. 
I love window 7 but i can't give toshiba ani credit for that, unless y'all get seriou about ergonom and make requir connect le obtrus i will be look to differ manufactur next time. 
I wa happi with My purchas of a toshiba satellit l305d-s5934 laptop until it came time to have it repair under the toshiba warranty. 
the comput wa ship to their repair depot on june 24 and return on juli 2 seem like a short turn around time except the comput wa not repair when it wa returned. 
they were total unconcern that the comput wa not correctli repair in the first place. 
the comput is current in west verginia doe to the method of ship choosen by toshiba. 
the comput could have been ship by prioriti mail through the usp for the same cost and arriv by noon on tue. 
instead it is sit in west verginia wait for up to take two day to send Me a box and two day for them to ship the comput some 691 mile by air? to louisvil ky. 
and toshiba is total unconcerned. 
the reaction of toshiba is there is noth you can do about it so just sit back and except the fact that you are powerless and it is mind over matter. 
We don't mind and you don't matter. 
I would not recommend the purchas of thi modl of toshiba comput or ani toshiba product for that matter. 
when it come time for warranti servic to toshiba you don't matter. 
window vista make thi comput almost unus for onlin service. 
i'v tri go back to XL but there still problems. 
the technic servic for dell is so 3rd world it might a well not even bother. 
just a bunch of idiot who' english a a 5th languag is forc at best. 
i'm all for save money but dell need to step it up. 
good price. 
basic computer. 
didn't work when ship from walmart.com but went into a store and exchang for a work laptop (same make/model). 
It ha work fine. 
handl all my basic medium need easily. 
can listen to my music and watch my video with eas and with a great display. 
It is speedi when connect wirelessli to ani network regardless if the connect is weak or not. 
it' a great prodcut to handl basic comput needs. 
It ha serv my need quit nice for the most part. 
the 2 GB of ram is plenty, abl to run window 7 and at least 2 or 3 other program with next to no slowdown. 
My one complaint with thi laptop is that i'v notic an electron fuzz sound come out of the headphon jack when headphon are plug in. 
thi is like due to poor ground and isol between the components, and i'm hope that it can be fix with a ground loop isolator, but I still expect better product qualiti for thi price range. 
other than that, I would recommend thi to someon in need of a cheap laptop with semi-dec game capabilities. 
let me start with the good:so awesome. 
great os, fabul improv to the exist line bump up the processor speed and ad the thunderbolt port. 
thi one ha had the same effect. 
the improv to the OS have been rel gradual, but substantive. 
the unibodi construct is solid, sleek and beautiful. 
It is everyth i'd hope it would be from a look and feel standpoint, but somehow a bit more sturdy. 
for the not so good, I got the stock screen - which is veri glossy. 
it' still beauti and ha better color reproduct than I could ever expect from a notebook. 
the reflect of the display is onli a minor inconveni if you work in a controlled-light environ like me (I prefer it dark) or if you can crank up the brightness. 
the statement of 7 hour batteri life is not just mere exagger -- it' a lie. 
I challeng anyon to show proof that through anywher near normal use can get more than 2.5 hr out of it. 
the first full charg of thi batteri got me onli about 2 full hours. 
enabl the batteri timer is useless. 
the "time remaining" go from 4 hour plu to le than 2 hour over the span of about 10 minutes. 
it' so bad that i'm think I onli got half a batteri or something. 
I know what 7 hr of batteri look like. 
My onli other complaint is that it get realli hot.:-) 
If you buy thi - don't go into it expect 7 hr of batteri life, and you'll be perfectli satisfied. 
the pro is a great product, I wish that the 13 inch model came with the intel i processor and had a more comfort edg (the edg hurt my wrists). 
other than that it a great perform machin and well meet all my need and more. 
great product by appl with the new great look design. 
I actual had the hard drive replac twice, the mother board once, the dvd drive twice, then they final agre to replac it, (all OF thi IN less than 1 1/2 years!)onli to get anoth "hp/compaq" piec of crap. 
It wa slow, lock up, and also had hardwar replac after onli 2 months! 
so, buyer beware! 
It is made better, thicker, and all out tough! 
I drope thi onc from thetabl when my babi girl grabe me one day and IT is still work with NO issues! 
I love the easi to see screen, and It work well for work, persoal or just play. 
I tell everyon I see out look to get thi or anoth toshiba. 
My friend or child use that when they need to borrow the net =) when I out grow thi mean when it old and my oldest child is readi for one she will get thi one and I will be buy onli toshiba! 
I just love thi lap top, I just wish it were all silver or they had all black. 
that is my onli complaint! 
love thi laptop wonder price for what you get! 
would pay more for IT IF I had too! 
I recent purchas the mini and absolut love it! 
It meet all my need for work and pleasur while traveling. 
I am total satisfi with my littl toshie! 
from the moment I open the box to the present it ha been a great joy. 
It is alway reliable, never bug and respond well. 
I love the oper system and the preload software. 
thi machin delivers. 
It is also extrem pleas to the eye without look too much like an alienwar game machine. 
It is a bit heavy. 
It would be a load on long trip where a lot of walk is required. 
had some troubl find a case that it would fit in. 
thi is an over-sized, 18-inch laptop. 
It wouldn't fit in most 17-inch bags. 
I wa disappoint when I realiz that the keyboard doesn't light up on thi model. 
It also doe not have bluetooth. 
you'll need to upgrad and pay a littl more for them. 
I wa look too close at the other perform spec and while comparing, I took it for grant that these featur were standard. 
overall, still a veri nice machine. 
boot up fast and run great! 
i'm pleased. 
the acer one compuer is a great computer. 
I didn't want to buy a gener brand comput but it is realli nice. 
it fast, ha high definit qualiti in the videos. 
the pictur are clear a can be. 
If I had to buy anoth computer, I would most definetli buy an acer one computer. 
heck, if I had enough ' money, I would but it a a gift for someone. 
Im glad that it ha such great featur in it. 
It also came with a built it web cam which is great becaus I can see an commun with my famili member back home. 
clear pictur on it and everything. 
the one down side to it is that when I play a certin game on here, it tend to freez up sometimes, but that the onli bad thing about thi computer. 
the acer one comput that I bought is 17 inc screen and it hard to find lap top bag for it, but I like the big screen on it. 
it good for play my app on facebook or watch movies. 
Im veri happi with thi computer! 
it' solid. 
love the stabil of the mac softwar and oper system. 
the onli downfal is a lot of the softwar I have won't work with mac and iwork is not worth the price of it. 
It seem to be incompat with everyth else. 
but the machin is awesom and ilif is great and I love snow leopard X. 
i love to use it it is esay and light. 
thi laptop is durabl and it is easi to travel with. 
i need one to be abl to carri to work everyday and thi one seem to fit all of the criteria. 
thi laptop is great for work and do my pictures. 
i am a huge comput person i love anykind of comput that work well, but when i got thi one i wa so happi with the way it work and how it run it amazing. 
the program are esay to use and are quick to process thi comput work like a charm. 
i can use it for all of my needs. 
i give thi laptop a five star review i love it and it ha done cham for me. 
if thi comput everi break down on me i will most definatli get the same one again. 
i think that anyon look for a good durrabl laptop then thi is the way to go. 
from the second you open the box you will fall in love with thi computer! 
the OS is still a fast a the day that the laptop wa purchas and continu to run flawlessly. 
the track pad to me is what realli stand out though, you can do sever differ thing with it just depend on how mani finger you use on the track pad, awesom think apple! 
the OS is also veri user friendly, even for those that switch from a pc, with a littl practic you can take full advantag of thi os! 
appl continu to shine and provid a much more enjoy comput experience! 
from the start, when you open the box you see a complet differ class of machine. 
the eas in which you set everyth up is such that a child could do it. 
the screen is bright and clear, the oper system is solid and friendli to a novice. 
fast, fast and fast, the web page just fli by. 
I had my iworks, itunes, email, MS office, network and printer set up and complet work perfectli within an hour. 
that includ transfer my music and movies. 
good bye blue screen and critic errors!!!! 
skype is just so dang cool with thi machin too. 
If your time is worth anyth to you, if you are tire of rebooting, reformatting, reinstalling, tri to find drivers, if you want a comput to work for you for a change, make the chang to thi computer. 
It is light and the batteri last a veri long time. 
veri fast boot up and shut down. 
let me tell you, thi machin is great. 
purchas for develop purposes, but it ha turn into my everyday laptop a well for surfing, e-mail, etc. 
I thought learn the mac OS would be hard, but it is easili pick up if you are familiar with a pc. 
the most amaz part to me a a PC user is the startup and shutdown time - and the fact that you veri rare have to restart the thing. 
the onli time I have restart is dure system updates. 
great machin if you want to drop the cash for one. 
ok, thi is probabl the best laptop seri ever devis by apple. 
the case is carv out of a singl block of aluminum. 
the processor screams, and becaus of the uniqu way that appl osx 16 functions, most of the graphic are rout through the hardwar rather than the software. 
I have recommend thi laptop to everyon I know who is buy one. 
I like it so much, I bought anoth just for my wife. 
took it back a it wa defective. 
page just disapear after you got yahoo or download something. 
couldn't keep a page up you were work on! 
wa a great deal i will give that. 
the laptop preform pretti well. 
it cant fuction well with lot of webpag open at once. 
it ha time were it freez for 10 second and then start again. 
the mous on the pad, the left button alway sticks. 
the mous is way way way to sensitve. 
i tri turn it done but it did nothing. 
the mous jump around all the time and it click stuff i dont want it too. 
it not bad just veri veri annoying. 
think i would spend littl extra to get a better made laptop. 
I am veri happi with thi laptop. 
for the price and what I get out of it ha exceed my expectations. 
I alway have use a tower home PC and jump to the laptop and have been veri satisfi with it performance. 
amaz quality! 
plu stylish. 
the big screen allow you to enjoy watch movi , pictur and etc! 
the flaw are, thi comput is not for comput gamer becaus of the OS X. 
mac is not made for gaming. 
but there' thi applic call boot camp which allow you to add anoth OS X like windows. 
second, it get scratch easili and when it get old some thing may oper 
wa not happi with one of the program on it. 
It wa not clear that the microsoft student edit that wa load on the computer, wa a six month trial. 
also, the extend warranti wa a problem. 
the extend warranti for the $4000 and up comput wa the onli one avail for purchas on the drop drown menu. 
overal the comput is veri easi to use, the screen is perfect, great computer, my daughter loves. 
I final decid on thi laptop becaus it wa the right price for what I need it. 
I did think it had a camera becaus that wa one of my requirements, but forgot to check in the specif on thi one befor I purchased. 
So i'm disappoint in that becaus commun with my rel out of the area is a priority. 
I just hope the reput that toshiba ha is true and I won't have to worri about a crash. 
I bought thi emachin notebook PC in januari of thi year and I am highlydissatisfi with it. 
the internet explor wa veri slow from the veri beginning. 
It freezes, and it alway show that there is an error, so I have to restart it a few time everi time I use it. 
I tri to upgrad it to a newer version a coupl of month ago and I still have the same problem. 
well, I start use googl chrome, which is a littl better, but it freez too sometimes. 
thi notebook restart everi time there is a new update, so if you don't save your file and information, everyth will be lost. 
anoth issu I have with it is the battery. 
mayb three or four month ago it start blink all of the sudden. 
there is a small red circl next to it with a x in the middle, and when I click on it it says: " consid replac your battery" and it doe not hold full charge. 
It is not even a year old yet, so I woulddefinit not recommend it to anyone. 
don't wast your money! 
the laptop is gorgeous. 
It is sleek, smooth, and lightweight. 
It is easili portabl and I take it everywher I go and might requir internet access. 
the screen is veri larg and crystal clear with amaz color and resolution. 
the processor is veri quick and effect a I load webpag and applications. 
It is quiet and a real joy to watch work. 
I love it and will probabl get anoth one when thi go to the laptop in the sky!! 
overal thi laptop is great. 
It ha plenti of memory, lot of hard drive, and great graphics. 
It run veri quiet too which is a plus. 
the onli bad thing about it is they give you the worst batteri possible. 
they onli stay charg a littl over an hour. 
laptop are usual use on the go, so whi not give you a better battery? 
the processor a amd semprom at 2.1 ghz is a bummer it doe not have the power for HD or heavi computing. 
the notebook is lack a hdmi port and a s-video port that would enabl one to hook it to a tv. 
It is a cheap throw together. 
save your money and go for a better device. 
thi laptop is a great price and ha a sleek look. 
run smooth and quick. 
I wish it had a webcam though, then it would be perfect! 
I love my new computer! 
it fast and anoth thing I like is that it ha three usb ports. 
I love to write and play with graphic and html program and my new toshiba work great on both! 
thank you for your great product! 
everyth about thi comput is easi to use. 
wonder features. 
the onli thing is that the batteri won't last more than 1/2 an hour. 
It discharg too quickly. 
kind of annoying, but I still love the laptop. 
It ha good speed and plenti of hard drive space. 
the onli downfal is the volum control. 
the wheel that turn the volum up and down doesn't work in real time. 
I have to keep turn it until it decid to lower and there is no mute. 
I bought my macbook a few month ago and it ha been my babi ever since. 
I love it so much. 
It ha come into good use for my finances, scheduling, my parent busi expenses, and it is definit amaz for gaming. 
the best thing is even while do almost ten or twenti thing at once, it never slow down. 
it' just a fast with one program open a it is with sixteen open. 
It work exactli like it did the day I took it out of the box. 
great investment! 
the price and featur more than met my needs. 
the featur are good enough for what I need. 
I love my macbook pro! 
My laptop is almost 2yr old and I have never had ani problem with it. 
If you are a PC user look to convert I would highli recommend it! 
It may take a littl get use to but you don't have to worri about viru or other headaches. 
not to mention the fact that your mac come fulli load with all necessari basic programs. 
I am addict to photo booth! 
It is SO much fun to play with. 
I work with kid and they love make short video on there. 
I am abl to organ my pics, music and file easily. 
If you have ani creativ in you do yourself a favor and get a mac! 
I love the keyboard. 
the display is awesome. 
onli thing I would want to add to thi is an intern bluray read/writ drive. 
but other than that I am blown away by all the featur thi laptop offers. 
I think thi comput is super lame. 
I dont understand how anyon can think thi is a great product worth purchasing. 
I decid to get thi pile of crap on a whim and total freak regret it. 
It doesnt work worth a damn. 
the display is beyond horrible. 
I can not even read what I am write half of the time. 
there are so mani thing wrong with thi product, it just make me want to set my self on fire! 
I would total recommend ani other laptop over thi pile of grabage. 
not to mention it ha shit gigs. 
I could not even put my entir music collect on thi garabage. 
Do yourself a favor and invest in a few extern harddriv if you are plan on purchas thi laptop. 
I bought thi last week, and the veri next day had to return it becaus it over heat and the touch-mous stop responding. 
got anoth 1, and same issue. 
I am take back today. 
don't wast your money or time. 
veri dissappoint becas I have had toshiba for years, and never a issue. 
stop boot UP le than a week after my one-year warranti wa up. 
toshiba know there is a manufactur defect but will not acknowledg it. 
appar there is a manufactur defect, someth with the amount of thermal paste. 
toshiba will not acknowledg thi problem. 
when I call toshiba, they would not do anyth and even tri to charg me $35 for the phone call, even though they didn't offer ani technic support. 
I love the netbook (minu the fact that it wa window os) until thi start happening. 
but if you can't make your product last more than a year, you will not get my busi again. 
i'v had my macbook pro for three year now and still love it! 
In those three years, i'v had a coupl of minor problem and both were resolv by appl quickli and easily. 
My power suppli cord develop expos wire within the first year of ownership, so it wa cover by the applecar warranti plan. 
In the three year i'v had my macbook pro, I have never had a viru on my computer, and I do a lot of work on the internet. 
the ilif softwar that come with the comput is so simpl to use and produc a great finish product. 
I highli recommend thi product! 
need constant repair. 
first the screen go complet out. 
then HP send it back to me with the hardwar screw up, not abl to connect. 
now the screen is go darker, darker, darker. 
HP is more interest in sell extend warranti (which cost more than the netbook new) then they are in help or fixing. 
Oh yeah, don't forget the expens ship to and from hp. 
i'v spent a much for ship a I would to buy a new netbook -- of cours a differ brand. 
So far so good with thi laptop. 
fan vent to the side, so no cool pad needed, great feature! 
screen is crystal clear and the system is veri responsive. 
memori is upgradable. 
the onli thing I would chang about it is the mous keys. 
they click. 
sound like a typewriter, but if you can get past that, thi is a great laptop for a littl money! 
I hate thi one. 
vista is a nightmare. 
No tutori on the display. 
the book is useless. 
the machin ha a bluray player the book ha no mention of it or how to connect it to your hdtv. 
think about return it 
the macbook is a fantast laptop. 
you will love thi macbook if you choos to buy it. 
the macbook rare requir a hard reboot. 
It just work flawlessly! 
it hard to encount a problem on a mac that would requir such abrupt action. 
I honestli love my mac, that whi I am a self proclaim mac addict. 
thi wa purchas for my daughter and I wa pleasantli surprised. 
It had the full size touch pad with 2 button instead of just one. 
It made the comput much easier to use and navigate. 
keyboard wa also veri nice and had a solid feel. 
thi system came load with window 7 starter. 
So far, so good. 
when I got thi laptop in 2007 to help me with school, I had a hard time from beginning. 
I feel that it wa poorli put together, becaus onc in a while differ plasticpieceswould come off of it. 
quit simpli thi is the best laptop I have ever owned. 
for me, five star is not enough. 
I love the 15" macbook pro. 
My parent bought it for me a a graduat gift, and i'm total (almost kind of mayb definitely) obsess with it. 
It wa veri easi to just pick up and use-- 
It did not take long to get use to the mac os. 
I love the size becaus the screen is big enough for what I use it for (internet, artwork), and yet it is small enough to be reason portable. 
there are sever program for school or offic use (pages, numbers, keynote, etc.), music (garageband), photo manag (photo booth, iphoto), video-edit or movie-mak (imovie), etc. 
the built-in webcam is great for skype and similar video-chat services. 
itun is a handi music-manag program, and it is essenti for anyon with an ipod. 
all-in-all, I would definit recommend thi product for nearli everyone. 
I love it! 
they definit have a superior product! 
it not just slow on the internet, it slow in general. 
No I am gener call it slow. 
it more like a snail crawl. 
he can't stand it. 
I can't begin to say how disappoint I am. 
I should have spent an extra hundr buck and got a full size computer. 
the key bind take a littl get use to, but have love the macbook pro. 
deliveri wa earli too. 
It allow me to do everyth I need from a comput and more. 
with awesom graphic and assur security, it' perfect! 
i'd recommend thi laptop to anyone! 
the toshiba satellit laptop is  design  to fail ! 
the board ha a bad connector with the power suppli and shortli after warrenti expir the power suppli will start have issues. 
toshiba is awar of the issu but unless the extend warrenti is bought toshiba will do noth about it. 
I actual contact toshiba befor I start have problem and wa given run around after I suppli serial number in order to delay me send in laptop until after warrenti expired. 
then after pay for it to be examin I wa told it wa same problem cite on websit but i'd have to pay anyway sinc it wa past warrenty. 
It ha far exceed my expect for power, storage, and abilitiy. 
It is easi to navig and updat programs. 
i'v never had problem with viruses. 
My next laptop will also be a mac! 
I would like to tell you about the best laptop I just got from mac. 
My mac laptop is fabul in both areas. 
It give me the power and speed that I need to run all the program I use to edit. 
the final cut pro on thi laptop is so fast and easy, and I can use thi to seemlessli transfer all my work to my home computer, which is also a mac. 
I would buy one of these for everi person in my offic if I could. 
In my line of work, I often have to take work home, and thi make it so easy. 
I do transcript work on the side, and the flatlin keyboard make type quick and easi a well. 
the appl care ha never fail me, and I expect it to be the same for thi comput a well. 
I will onli buy appl laptop from now on. 
great laptop for school, easi to use for beginn in the household. 
keyboard is great but primari and secondari control button could be more durable. 
batteri life could be better but overal for the price and toshiba' reput for laptop it' great! 
My macbook pro ha been a huge disappointment. 
from the build qualiti to the performance, everyth about it ha been sub-par from what I would have expect from apple. 
the system constantli overheats, the batteri life is too short, the case is come apart, and my core applic that I use everi day in my work a a graphic artist run poorly. 
I would not recommend thi product to anyone. 
screen is awesome, batteri life is good. 
realli like the textur surfac which show no fingerprints. 
good laptop for the money. 
speaker don't get that loud, but good enough. 
they don't crash. 
If a websit ever freez (which is rare), it realli easi to forc quit. 
never been hacked. 
No viruses. 
I have had to call with a few question or issu and they have help me for free, even without the warranty. 
A mac is veri easi to use and it simpli make sense. 
it also fun to use! 
the program are great, like iphoto (love the edit capabilities), imail (which can incorpor with the address book on the ipod and ipad), imovie, etc. 
she said it veri user friendly. 
however, I love thi particular mac becaus it veri fast, great size, and ha fantast featur like the light keyboard and easi mous pad. 
I am veri happi I bought thi mac, well worth the extra money. 
now that I have it I see that I realli need thi for much more. 
I run dreamweaver, final cut pro 7, photoshop, safari, firefox, msn messeng and a few other applic constantli at the same time. 
I have not had a problem with the applic quit or freezing. 
I highli recommend thi laptop to anybodi that want great perform from a laptop and would like to relax and not becom enrag curs the god about to throw your laptop out the door. 
that wa my first appl product and sinc then I have been incred happi with everi product of their I have bought. 
My macbook pro is no exception. 
sinc i'v had thi comput i'v onli use the trackpad becaus it is so nice and smooth. 
I also like that you can scroll down in a window use two finger on the trackpad. 
the comput run veri fast with no problem and the ilif softwar that come with it (iphoto, imovie, iweb, itunes, garageband) is all veri help a well. 
I would recommend thi laptop to anyon look to get a new laptop who is will to spend a littl more money to get great quality! 
shini 
thi laptop is the best of the best! 
the awesomest of the awesomest. 
It is so great, I can hardli ever take my hand off it! 
My friend are in awe everi time they come over! 
I got it for christmas, and I wa so excit to set it up! 
It is super fast, and alway loads. 
I am just amazed. 
the onli bad part is the size/weight. 
it' like 9 punds, but if you can look past it, it' great! 
If you don't like fingerprints, thi might not be the laptop for you. 
It super shiny, so you can see the fingerprint easily. 
all for such a great price. 
it' color is even cool. 
anoth great thing is the beast graphics. 
they are so realist I am just speechless. 
I let my friend borrow it, and she know noth about computers, and she use it with ease. 
the cool thing about thi is anyon can use it. 
I don't know how I could ever live without my qousmio. 
I own a hewlett packard laptop and i'v had man problem with it sinc I bought in in feb, 201 
ive had to call tech support mani times. 
each time take about 1 day or so. 
I had to wait 3 week to get it back and it still is not work properly. 
I had to pay for the shipping! 
I will never buy anyth from HP again! 
the toshiba satellit ha been more than I expect for the price. 
thi comput may be small but it is one heck of a power horse. 
you can do it all on thi bad boy but the main thing thi netbook wa desing for wa surf the web and boy o boy doe it ever. 
for be so small it is amaz that it is a fast a it is. 
when i first got it i thought the size of it wa a joke. 
but after i got use to it i love it. 
the size of ha actual help me out quit a bit by me be abl to fit it in an alreadi full backpack and to use it at a restur where the food on the tabl is alway so space consuming. 
it ha 3 usb ports, 1 sd memori card reader and an sd memori car expansion. 
the onli down fall is that it ha no cd drive but i found that they are veri cheap to by and also veri portabl make thi the best friend to someon who is alway look for more space then they have. 
overal i would recomend thi to anybodi and tell them that if they want to burn their music or play there video game to buy the cd drive. 
i use my mac all the time, i love the software, the way it take a short time to load things, how easi it is to use and most of all how you don't have to worri about viruses. 
with a mac you don't have to worri about antiviru softwar or firewall, it' so wonderful. 
all appl associ are alway wile to help you out with anything, no matter when you purchas the comput and how mani year passed. 
thi comput will last you at least 7 years, that an amaz life span an electronic. 
everyth about a mac is wonderful, it take a littl use to learn and get use to the new system, but you will learn fast and it all worth it. 
not work = bad 
I spent 2200 dollar on a "top of the line laptop". 
I got the blue screen of death the first month I got it. 
1) pay $2200 for a "premium" laptop 
2) blue screen first month 
3) horribl custom support-they lost my laptop for a month-got it back 3 month later 
4) laptop still did not work, blue screen within a week... 
5) cut my loss and sold it for part 
thi compani trueli doe make horribl product and doesnt seem to becaus they are certain thing like thi "never" happen... 
what an elegant, wonder machine. 
i'm make the switch and find that my biggest problem is tri to do thing the 'old' way - and appl does, indeed, have the better idea. 
I realli wish I had done thi year ago. 
pair it with an iphon is a pure pleasur - talk about painless sync - use to take me forev - now it' a snap. 
I love it - never had a comput I wa so impress with - and i'v had a lot of laptop and desktop - thi one is far and abov the best one I ever had before. 
I tell everyon that I know, friends, famili and enemi thi is the absolut worst comput i have ever used. 
the comput blink it shut off at will. 
the letter A stop work after the first week. 
when i call to have anoth one ship or to get my money back they said the return polici is 23 twenti three day from the date of purchase. 
so the fact that the comput doe not work on the 24 twenti fourth day is my fault. 
they have done absolut noth to fix the comput problem. 
they have not sent a new one nor called. 
i spent eight hundr dollar from a giant paper weight that look good on a bus. 
then on top of it all their cusrom servic center is in the middl east. 
So when you do call to complain about the hunk of metal you get the joy of speak with a bunch of peopl you cant understand. 
then to make matter worst, there is noon that they can transfer you to. 
I had thi comput for one month and had to send it in for repair. 
got the comput back a month later and it wa still broken sent it out again and they repair it. 
3 week went by and the comput keep crash and will not open ani applications. 
DO not buy gateway comput they are junk and the warranti compani IS horrible. 
you will not BE abl TO talk TO AN american warranti servic IS out OF country. 
comput ha been AT servic facil more than IN MY hands. 
I have had thi laptop for a few month now and i would say im pretti satisfied. 
the onli problem are the sound isnt veri loud I have to wear headphones. 
anoth thing is that after onli a month the left mous key broke and it cost $175 to send it in to fix it. 
that whole experi wa just ridicul we sent it in and after they told u that we had to pay $175 to fix it we were like we will just by a portabl mous which would be way cheaper but they refus to send the laptop back until we paid the $175 and it wa fixed. 
It took a littl over 2 week until i got it back. 
and I babi the heck out of it just one day when i open it turn it on went to click and it wa broke. 
To be honest i think it wa faulti equip or someth but idk. 
the graphic are great. 
the internet speed is spectacular. 
the batteri life is probabl an hour at best. 
Oh and it ha word and stuff but it a trial verion so after about a month or so when you go to open it it ask for a product key which didnt come with the comput and even after click cancel it wont let you use it at all I use the old word process which work good. 
I would recommend it just becaus of the internet speed probabl becaus that the onli thing i realli care about. 
I wish the volum could be louder and the mous didnt break after onli a month. 
I receiv thi laptop a a gift and let me just tell you that it the worst. 
At first it work well for a month or so then the system board fail and I send it in to toshiba some complaint and three week later I then receiv my laptop back onli to discov that it still ha the same problem so now I have to send it back again to get it fix again. 
thi comput doesn't do that well with certain game it can't play some and it becom too hot while play games. 
Oh and if that not bad enough it doesn't come with a recoveri cd so you can make one if you know how to or buy one if you buy it the cost is $25 for two cds. 
the whole experiec is horribl so save up and buy a better laptop. 
I bought a HP pavilion dv4-1222nr laptop and have had so mani problem with the computer. 
the comput is so slow, even after pay stapl the extra money to speed it up. 
they said it wa a comput error on thi type of computer. 
also, I have alot of troubl with it get veri hot, and not even sit on anyth to make it hot. 
when the comput ha been on for sever minutes, it will occasionali just go off by itself. 
also, the batteri doe not last veri long at all. 
I would recommend not buy thi product. 
I have had no luck with stapl or HP to resolv thi problem. 
I am stuck with a laptop that I cannot do veri much with. 
also, I have had alot of troubl with the key stick and will not type correctly. 
also, I have had alot of troubl with the shift key to go to other lines. 
It get stuck all of the time you use it, and you have to keep tap on it to get it to work. 
sometim the screen even go black on thi computer. 
will probabl never buy a HP again. 
purchas a toshiba lap top it work good until just after the warrenti went out. 
after the warrenti expir the hard drive went bad and it would have cost more to fix then to replace. 
I hate it. 
I have had the luxuri (sarcasm) of own 2 of these laptops. 
the first fell apart right after the 1-year-warranty. 
dure that time, I had to send it back 3 times. 
I paid about 18000 for thi laptop becaus of all the bell and whistl and it kept crap out on me. 
none of the tech at HP knew what they were doing. 
they would repair one thing, send it back and it would still have the same problem. 
the processor went on me, the fan went and the motherboard went. 
I want to purchas the extend warranti and they refused, becaus they knew it wa trouble. 
I had someth els go wrong and they said it had to be in good work order to be abl to buy the warranty. 
I took it to friend who temporarili fix it and I final paid about 1500 for the extend warranty. 
I sent it back and they lost it. 
I wait and wait and no laptop. 
final after month of research the discov that they mail it to a walmart and there probabl would be no way to find the box. 
I wait anoth month for approv and for them to "build" me a new laptop. 
here we are anoth year later and the comput is do the same thing. 
HP didn't fix it. 
I swear they design these thing to go to crap after a year so you are stuck and have to buy a new one. 
in 5 month the connect qualiti got wors and worse. 
1st time they got it work the next 5 month they had me send it in. 
return it. 
5 month dead again. 
they say sorri out of warranty. 
summary: they play game with me for the warranti period. 
now 17 month later they want (would not say exact amount) $165.00 to $400 to fix the machine. 
they had me send in the machin last april return it to me in may with no document on what wa done it anything. 
now the machin won't connect and toshiba say that they did replac the connect card in may but they onli warranti the repair for 30 day and now i'm out of warranti even though thi ha been a constant 5 month occur sinc I bought the netbook. 
So buyer bewar when buy toshiba 
they are wonderful, but veri danger when it come to emit heat. 
I burn my leg, after lift it from my desk, and for le than 5 second put it on my lap to clean my coffe table, so I can place it there. 
I had to call appl 19 time (each time 40 to 75 minut on the phone), and take it to their store for evaluations, and diagnostics, 5 times. 
for my burn thigh which ha put a perman mark on my skin (it happen 7 month ago) they offer me an itouch 8gig (you know it is a bit insul when a compani thi rich, offer a loyal custom like me, a bottom of their product line a a gift for event like this). 
steve jobs, probabl need help and donations, and cannot afford a reason offer for peopl that truli are tri to support hi baby. 
the lesson learn here is: It doe not pay to by thi loyal to ani brand, sinc all of them are there to simpli  to make a much money a possible, a fast a they can, and in thi day and age, the custom no longer is right all the times. 
I am not go to sit here and complain about it not have a cd drive and what not becaus it is a netbook, it is made to be compact and if you want all the other stuff get a laptop. 
anyway I bought thi two month ago and when I first brought it home it kept give me a messag about a vibrat in the hard drive and it is put it temporali in save zone. 
So I call custom support (which is good too) and they went through it and it is just a safeti featur and it doe not affect perform at all, I just chose to hide the message. 
also the speaker are not veri loud, but it is a netbook. 
would highli recommend thi netbook though. 
I custom order the machin from HP and could not understand the techi due to hi accent. 
the comput wa two week late in deliveri becaus HP forgot to complet the requir import paperwork. 
My laptop cost approxim $2,300 and die after onli 2-years, 10-month and 18-day of use. 
although my model wa list a recalled, HP deni my claim. 
thi laptop leaf alot to be desired, I have had it onli 5 month and have had to send it away to be repair twice... 
I bought it from hsn becaus it wa "bundled" with extra software, but a it turn out, that softwar just crash it more often..... 
If you shop around in the current market you can find a much better deal. 
the repair were made quickli though I must say, howev the second time they ship it to the incorrect address and it took nearli a week for them to get it to me. 
unabl to boot up thi brand new laptop. 
spent 2 hour on phone with HP technic support. 
they went through ask me open up variou components, take batteri out, hard disk apart, and after 2 hour on phone could not fix it. 
they are ask me to ship the unit back to fix it at their site. 
I am go to go back and return at store I bought from! 
thi comput had exactli the specif I needed. 
small enough to use on a long flight, light enough to carri through airport and power enough to replac my desktop while on long busi trips. 
the perfect notebook... 
when I final had everyth run with all my softwar instal I plug in my droid to recharg and the system crashed. 
the aspir wont even boot past the acer screen with a droid (I have tri both motorola and htc) plug into the usb port. 
call tech support and got the usual acer "we don't support softwar but for $$$ we can help you" I explain there wa no softwar involv in booting. 
no, tey don't even support their own bio and it "could be a problem with the bios" how can a compani that make a fairli decent product get away with such insanity??!! 
needless to say a PC that can't support a cell phone is le than useless! 
with today' compani fight over marketshare, it a shame that asu can get away with the inept staff answer thephone. 
I agre with the previou comment that asu tech support IS horribl which IS A con IN MY opinion. 
summary: i'v had thi laptop for 2 months, out of the blue the power adapt stop working. 
but no one could tell me when my part would be ship nor could they tell me where to buy it ON their website!!! 
frustrat I hung up and tri to call back 3 day later to be told that it take 2-3 day for turnaround time. 
thi wa the 3rd day and part still had not been shipped. 
the rep did not even answer my question, I had to ask him, if he understood what I ask or if he spoke english becaus he didn't even tri to acknowledg my question. 
i'm tire of the inept service. 
If you are look for a netbook pc DO not buy from asus!!! 
unless you want to be inconvenienc with a non work power suppli which you can't find a replac for becaus they made the attach so small. 
i'm realli frustrat BY thi experience. 
how doe the power suppli not work!!! 
our appl 13.3 macbook pro notebook comput (z0j80001) notebook and ha becom such an integr part of complet our daili need and social networking. 
I do everyth on thi comput - check email, facebook, shop, check blogs, write papers, listen to music, and we even watch all of our movi on it sinc we do not have a tv. 
It pretti much doe everyth we could ever need, and look great to boot. 
appl is alway great about the aesthet of things, they alway come up with good look products. 
It didn't take me long to get switch over to the mac comput program and navig - it' been just fine and like the way thi laptop function much better. 
so, if you'r think of a laptop, I would heartili recommend theappl 13.3 macbook pro notebook comput (z0j80001) notebook for all your needs! 
it' great and we will alway stick with appl computers, we have been so happi with them. 
the 13" macbook pro is portable, durable, and veri capable. 
It ha a 10 hour batteri life when you'r do web brows and word editing, make it perfect for the classroom or office, and in term of game and movi play it'll have a batteri life of just over 5 hours. 
it' also veri energi efficient, run on a quarter of the power it take to run a 60 watt lightbulb. 
it' graphic aren't bad at all, for the lower end of the macbook pro spectrum, easili capabl of run starcraft II and other game with compar graphics. 
the oper system and user interfac is veri intuitive, and the larg multi-touch track pad is amazing. 
however, the multi-touch gestur and larg track area make have an extern mous unnecessari (unless you'r gaming). 
still, thi laptop is perfect for all day use at school and work. 
they also have a longer servic life than other comput (I have sever friend who still use the older appl powerbooks). 
probbl the worst decis we ever made! 
It ha bein into the shop to get a new hardriv 2 time and to fix the touch control button on the keyboard! 
pretti much everyth els about the comput is good it just stop work out of no were. 
i love the size of the comput sinc i play game on it. 
i also love have the extra calcul number set up on the keyboard which most laptop do not have. 
also the keyboard doe not liht up so unless your sit in a room with some light you cant see anyth and that bad for me becaus my boyfriend tend to watch tv in the dark at night which leaf me with no way of see the keyboard. 
So i would not reccomend anyon buy thi comput 
first, it doe not have a push button to open the lid. 
It is held in place magnetically. 
there is a littl indent to help open it - but good luck with that. 
onc open, the lead edg is razor sharp. 
thi is the complet opposit to an ergonom design. 
use thi machin is like a mild form of torture. 
the much laud combin touch pad and clicker is a nightmare. 
I lost two item I wa work on until I figur out what wa happening. 
also, the space bar make a noisi click everi time you use it. 
I hate to say this, but if I could take thi back to the shop and get my money back, then I would. 
It is absolut horribl to use, despit all it so call advanc features. 
I regret buy it befor understand how aw it is to use. 
it' a bummer and one out of five is be kind. 
My mac ha gone from be a trust friend to an adversary. 
In due course, i'll remov the hard disc from thi new macbook pro and dump it where it belong - in the trash. 
but the screen size is not that bad for email and web browsing. 
I like thi machin becaus it veri lightweight... 
veri conveni when you travel and the batteri life is excellent... 
10 hour of batteri life is realli someth else.... 
I highli recommend that you buy thi product. 
It crashes, and when it go flat, it just die (like a pc, mayb worse) and I loos all my open documents! 
I hate it! 
It is the easiest comput I have ever use 
I love it! 
I can't say enough good for it! 
it' A mac!! 
I fine appl mc373ll/a 2.66ghz 15" macboook pro notebook meet all my need for a laptop comput when on the go. 
I like to use it at the race track to handiecap the hors races. 
it' face and depanable. 
As a graphic art a retir instructor I still love to play with the graphic with photo and clip art ..... 
it' just a great toy to have around. 
veri veri slow laptop. 
ton of bloatwar and junk programs. 
can't reinstal with standard o cd becaus of proprietari hardwar drivers. 
key are all in weird place and is way too larg for the way it is designed. 
lot of extra space but the keyboard is ridicul small. 
amaz machine. 
It is a big big, but sinc it ha a 18.4" screen what would you expect! 
It is truli a desktop replacement. 
veri fast and efficient! 
doe a great job with video shot on a canon 5D mkii. 
veri happi with my 7th toshiba laptop! 
the touchpad is veri intuitive, so much so that I never want to use button to click again! 
Of course, I also have sever great softwar packag that came for free includ iwork, garageband, and imovie. 
I especi appreci the fact that it ha almost zero viru and spywar problems! 
the onli drawback for me is how dirti the screen gets, and rather quickli too. 
I also enjoy the fact that my macbook pro laptop allow me to run window 7 on it by use the vmware program. 
now I have the best of both world with all of the power and eas of the mac! 
I also got the ad bonu of a 30" HD monitor, which realli help to extend my screen and keep my eye fresh! 
I never have had a good result with thi computer. 
I wa told by mani  that it wa a great computer, but we got one of these, and it work  great for one year, and a soon a the warrenti wa up, then it got  realli bad. 
they told me it wa my loss even though it wa the computer, not  what i'v done. 
the hard drive crash a well, and I had to buy a new  power cord. 
they told me to reprogram the computer, and I didn't need  to do that, and I lost pictur of my oldest first 2 year of her  life. 
I don't like thi compani nor the toshiba brand, and i'll never  buy anoth one becaus i'v put more into it then it is worth. 
I would  rather spend my money on a comput that cost more then a toshiba that  isn't good at all. 
the right speaker did not work. 
again, the same problem, the right speaker did not work. 
I return the 2nd laptop for a full refund. 
the mous pad and button are the worst i'v ever seen. 
sometim you will be move your finger and the pointer will not even move. 
the mous button are hard to push. 
i cant believ HP put thi out. 
do not buy you will be disappointed. 
i'm return mine 
dell is a decent made pc. 
the graphic are aw and the wireless switch it at the top rather than the side which I am use to it be on the side. 
with the switch be at the top you need to memor the key combin rather than just flick a switch. 
so in a brief summari i would have to say that i would not recommend dell vostro 1000 to anyon due to it be a down right aw setup so in my opinion you should steer clear of them if you want a decent laptop. 
I love hp,, it' the onli computer/print we will buy. 
thi is perfect for her field. 
At first when I got thi product, I love it. 
the comput itself wa fast, ran smoothly, and had no problems. 
then, within 5 months, the charger crap out on me. 
So I call compaq, and after be on the phone for 3 hours, i final got a replac which I shouldn't have had a problem get sinc it wa under warranty. 
2 month later, the batteri went. 
they gave me a hard time yet again, but their wa a malfunct in the batteri itself, it didn't die. 
then, one month after the warranti expired, the replac charger went. 
I had to pay $100 for a univers charger for thi cheap $300 laptop. 
not worth it one bit. 
the peopl are frustrat to work with, the product itself is veri cheapli made, and the accessori are le than satisfactory. 
also, my sister got the exact same laptop (sinc they were so cheap) and after 8 months, the screen split in half just from everyday use. 
appar under the screen there are 2 littl screw and when the screen get move back and forth, they come loose. 
and it is imposs to get them back in. 
strengths:well-shap 
weaknesses:a bad videocard! 
after 20-30 min the screen of the notebook switch off. 
It wa still working, but there wa noth on the screen. 
I wa said it' videocard. 
veri disappointed! 
didn't expect to repair it at once! 
don't buy thi model. 
An absolut hate machin that no one should get of their own free will. 
mine came at $1,700 w/o a dvd burner (!). 
the screen is frame by half- to a full-inch margin that is obvious unnecessary, reduc the screen size and increas the bulk. 
the 4 usb port are nice, but the two on the side onli work now and then. 
keyboard could use some trimming. 
did I mention everyth about it, from size to weight to keyboard scream bulk? 
i'm glad I made the choic to switch and buy thi mac. 
the benefit were immediate! 
awesom graphics! 
the magnet plug-in power charg power cord is great (I even put it to the test by accident)- excel innovation! 
thi laptop rock (onli wish it could run solidwork cad - which appl doesn't support)! 
i'v save a lot of time and headach so far, use my new macbook pro. 
I have never had ani issu or problem with my macbook pro so far, and it is still a fast a it wa when I first bought it. 
I especi like the backlit keyboard. 
It make do schoolwork at night so much easier. 
It is also veri lightweight, make transport thi comput veri easy. 
the graphic on thi comput are also stellar - veri clear and vivid. 
I use iphoto all the time, which is a great program for anyon who is into photographi - amateur and expert alike. 
the program came with the comput and work beautifully. 
I definit will buy a mac again if and when thi comput ever fails. 
My hp g60-244dx die after onli 16 months. 
It start out get hot after onli a few months. 
At 16 month it start shut off after onli 5 or 10 minutes. 
I use a cool pad but it doesn't help. 
I took it to the shop and they said It would cost too much to repair it. 
I will have to say that I love my macbook pro! 
It fire up in the morn in le than 30 second and I have never had ani issu with it freezing. 
thi is now my 3rd macbook pro and I realli honestli love it! 
the macbook pro is veri sturdi and versatile. 
I love it! 
I even got my teenag son one, becaus of the featur that it offers, like, ichat, photobooth, garag band and more! 
We are addict to the mac. 
thi is a great laptop and I would recommend it to anyone. 
the OS take some get use to especi after be a window user for so long but the learn curv is so worth it! 
great laptop that offer mani great features! 
lightweight and the screen is beautiful! 
It is easi to oper and I have alreadi order more softwar and gadget for my new roll royc of laptops. 
buy it, love it, and I promis you won't regret it. 
thi comput is good for 10 day then it suck for the rest of your life. 
you will regret it if you buy ani dell. 
dell suck 
the onli pro to thi comput is it wa under $600! 
everyth is fall apart intern and externally. 
with in week of purchas my comput is began to slow down. 
I am constantli tri to uninstal programs, clean cookies, and delet unus files. 
nightli my comput defrag itself and run a viru scan. 
more time that not the screen pop up say I have a bad internet connection, or the page can't be displayed. 
It take me approxim 3 tri to get to each site, then after close the browser and reopen it it actual works. 
I have vista, so I am unabl to instal and uninstall some programs. 
I can't even instal one of the 3 printer I have in my hous so I am unabl to print. 
extern the key on my keyboard are fall off, after a few us the paint is rub off the button below the mous pad and where the heal of my hand sit, and the screen ha a terribl glare. 
In short I would never buy a compaq again. 
I bought thi laptop on saturday and am complet in love with it! 
It wa super easi to set up and Is realli easi to get use to. 
the onlin tutori video make it super easi to learn if you have alway use a pc. 
the perform is awesome. 
I will never complain about the price sinc I believ you get what you pay for and my macbook pro wa worth everi dollar. 
with all the goodi insid thi machine, it is a value. 
It is veri well built. 
the keyboard is top notch. 
the touch pad is among the best. 
the screen is huge and coloful, but no led backlighting. 
the video card is great for media, and abov averag for gaming, but not a gamer first choice. 
the problem I had with thi unit wa unresolvable. 
It had a cool system malfunct after 10 minut of gener use, and would not move past thi error. 
I acual believ the issu is with the nvidia grafic card, but still requir a return. 
sorri toshiba, but 1st impress do count for something. 
I got the black macbook two year ago and have never regret it. 
So thi wa great for me. 
It ha just enough ram to run smoothli and enough memori to satisfi my needs. 
plu it is small and reason light so I can take it with me to and from work. 
I also travel with it and it never give me ani problems. 
but I am glad to have gotten mine right befor they stop make it. 
I look forward to year of use, it ha held up well over the year and it fit my need veri well. 
the differ is the toshiba had a lot more memori and hard drive space. 
it' super fast and a great valu for the price! 
I would definit recommend check out thi laptop if you are in the market for one. 
A month later, we reinstal the OS (vista). 
A coupla month later, they chang my hard drive. 
A month or so ago, the freak motherboard just died. 
went silently. 
one night I turn the freak thing off after use it, the next day I turn it on, no gui, screen all dark, power light steady, hard drive light steadi and not flash a it usual does. 
the motherboard IS dead ! 
and i'm still pay the bloodi financing, for a product which didn't last me at least three year ! 
I initi purchas my macbook pro 13" in april, and I love it. 
I wa so happi with my new mac. 
then the hard drive failed; 
my inform wa all lost (mi fault, I know, but I never thought I would need to back up my inform on a brand new mac, the paragon of all computers! 
so, after appl replac the hard drive I enjoy anoth 4 month of my new computer, until it froze thi morning--completely. 
I can't even turn it off. 
it' catatonic. 
even if appl replac whatev need replac I wonder if, sinc I seem to be doubl the amount of time I get out of it each time it' "like new," I might have 8 month next time. 
I would rate thi comput at 5 stars, but consid it ha a short life span I can onli give it 1 and implor anyon look at laptop to stay away from thi machine. 
great battery, speed, display. 
It works! 
My hous is now 100% macbook. 
the macbook start fast, doesn't crash, ha a fantast display, is small and light (I have the 13.3" model), and isn't alway complain about updates, lost connections, errors, blue screens, etc. 
thi is what a laptop is suppos to be. 
I thought the price wa great for the specs. 
but after use it a coupl of weeks, the overal oper is poor. 
I hate the display screen and I have done everyth I could do the chang it. 
the keyboard is too slick. 
I realli don't like it, but I am stuck. 
dell latitud d620 is not a reliabl machine. 
the batteri never held a charg longer than one hour and within two months, stop hold a charg for more than ten minutes. 
later it held zero charg and it replac work for le than three months. 
the machin is slow to boot up and occasion crash completely. 
veri disappointing: 
I wa not awar that thi product cannot display websit that contain flash. 
web access through the 3G network is so slow, it' veri frustrat and veri disappointing. 
after purchas thi thing, I find out that I need a special interfac devic to connect my camera, and that it cannot be purchas at the store - onli on line. 
HP pavilion dv9000 notebook PC      when I first got thi computer, it realli rocked. 
but a time went on I found it almost imposs to keep the thing on-lin through wi-fi. 
eventu the screen went blank and the comput would not turn on. 
guess i'll stay away from hp. 
My macbook is probabl the best invest I have ever made. 
I have had it for almost four year now and I have onli had a few problem with it. 
the most recent be that my safari internet browser is freak out on me, but I have just been use firefox instead. 
I love thi computer. 
it small enough where I can take it pretti much anywhere, but still ha a big enough screen to get everyth done. 
the onli thing that I don't like about my mac is that sometim there are program that I want to be abl to run and I am not abl to. 
game be the main issue. 
It drive me crazi when I want to download a game or someth of that natur and I can't play it becaus it not compat with the software. 
other than that I don't have one complaint in the world! 
thi comput period crash (office, iphoto, safari). 
It take a long time to get on the web and to chang web sites. 
lock up she search for updates. 
It seem that thi comput might be a lemon. 
I purchas my macbook pro retina from my school sinc I had a student discount, but I would gladli purchas it from amazon for full price again if I had too. 
the retina is great, it amazingli fast when it boot up becaus of the ssd storag and the clariti of the screen is amaz a well. 
but if you buy thi i would highli recommend that you buy a case and screen protector for thi machin a they are known to be quit fragile. 
count me a extrem satisfied, it' a perfect computer. 
I just bought thi comput from the appl store, and I couldn't be more impress with it. 
It ha a stun retina display, and is veri fast. 
thi comput is good for anything, and it ha realli supersed my high expectations. 
also, the sound qualiti from the speaker is crystal clear, and everyth is just sleek and smooth. 
the HD display is sensational, and now watch ani movi is a veri enjoy experi for me. 
No hardwar issues, a is common with ani appl product. 
great product, and couldn't be happier with it. 
awesom laptop, i love it 
I love my new thinkpad! 
It give me everyth I need from a comput and with the long last battery, it also give me mobility. 
I can use it anywhere. 
It wa a great purchase. 
all the sturdi and substanti feel you expect from a thinkpad. 
averag perform on almost everi benchmark but price accordingly. 
below averag on the w-fi adapt which i'm still tri to get to the bottom of. 
great laptop. 
fast. 
work veri well. 
would purchas again. 
A good valu for the money. 
quit pleas with it. 
fast enough for my purposes. 
No bloatwar from third parti parasit to uninstall. 
excel keyboard and crisp screen. 
batteri could be better but it ha robust processor and plenti of ram so that is a trade off I suppose. 
i'm glad to have it and it show up in onli a few days. 
the laptop itself is veri good, it could be better, but not bad at all for it' price point. 
It doe everyth I need. 
the big deal with thi wa window 7. 
when I saw thi I grab it. 
It ha met all my needs. 
just what I expected. 
I don't have ani complain about thi comput 
outstand laptop and veri well built. 
the retina display is fantastic. 
one of the best thing i have bought in years. 
great pc, light and powerful. 
Is just amazing.=) 
the glare of the glossy-retina display is unbearable. 
Do not buy a mac until thi issu is resolved. 
perform a advertised, if not better! 
super light weight (I never care either way about weight until now). 
feel like solid state. 
wonder machine; 
glad I bought it. 
tiny, forgiv drawback - no ethernet cabl outlet. 
but that' not a deal-breaker. 
super laptop!! 
will probabl get anoth one for my wife! 
a bit ugly,but work good 
I like the design rather sleek and light. 
I will give advis ani prospect buyer thi is not great laptop, it good for web brows and word process 
fantast for the price - just wish it the key were illuminated. 
If your on a budget.... save up longer. 
thi laptop isn't worth a singl cent. 
I couldn't even instal linux on it. 
window run veri poorly. 
just save your money and get someth better. 
awesom price for a laptop that last more than 8 hour without recharging! 
awesome! 
thi laptop is a complet cheap junk. 
By just look at it you will realiz it' crap. 
it' not what you pay for. 
the case is made from cheap plastic. 
In the descript it said there is bluetooth but no there isn't. 
i'm warn you, you'r wast your money on thi 
love the computer. 
hate window 8.1! 
It dosn't even have a disc compart 
had to return the computer. 
keep freez 
No ethernet outlet 
disc drive will not open or function 
odd - unusu dell command 
would have exchang instantli - but had to use a if for colleg immediately. 
unimpressed. 
terrif laptop. 
work beautifully. 
great price. 
just what we need for our daughter to do her on line math class 
thi is a great home computer. 
It is very, veri quiet. 
the onli reason I didn't give it a 5 star is, I feel I have to reach so far to type on the key board. 
you also have to press firmli on the keys. 
otherwis thi is a great comput great prices. 
wa easi to set up and ha been easi to learn to use it. 
work good and is fast enough for me. 
good product for a good price. 
It wa too cheapli constructed. 
It also gave me an introduct to window 8, which I hope will be discontinu it the future. 
the comput Is horribl it To slow. 
the thing that you insert cd into won't open. 
not a good comput at all. 
We return two day later. 
they were excel to handl our return and post our refund back into our account the next day. 
great price and computer! 
they love it. 
it' easi to oper and it' veri light (mi parent are almost 60 yo, they can't carri a heavi comput while traveling). 
but here' someth I hadn't realiz befor buy it: there isn't an optic drive, which mean NO cd or dvds! 
thi product wa doa. 
fire up and work for the first day and then the display die on my wife while she wa take a time test. 
would not recommend. 
pretti good laptop. 
good for basic stuff. 
don't tri to use to play ani pc game or anything. 
just for simpl web brows and medium streaming. 
pretti premium feel for the low price. 
I have so much troubl turn the comput on. 
It come on for second then shut itself off. 
My mistak wa to not research thi one, no dvd and no place to insert my ad card to download pictures. 
I should have wait to find a higher qualiti computer. 
i'm veri happy,thi laptop is beatifull, is'nt slow at all. 
but it doesn't have a cd unit, anyway the other thing is that the laptop doe not have an ethernet port for cabl connecting. 
just wifi.... 
the screen is big, and everyth wa a describ 
for everyday use, you can't realli go wrong with thi laptop. 
if, like me, you will be pay bills, occasion read the news, or just buy stuff on line, then thi is a winner. 
If you are a gamer or need it for heavi comput use, get someth else. 
it' a good starter comput that is extrem light on the wallet. 
like i said, good for basic stuff and a a starter. 
still get use to window 8. 
ha a built in camera which i do not use. 
sturdi but onli for typic wear and tear. 
can not believ the price! 
amaz computer,  perfect for school. 
i'v had my lenovo for a littl over a month now and it doe everyth i want it to do and more. 
i realli have noth neg to say about it. 
the keyboard is a littl wonki with have to use the function button to get the f-key but with how infrequ i use those it is a non-issue. 
it is a great valu for what you get. 
i can run somewhat modern game like skyrim and fallout new vega with no issues. 
I get giddi everi time I use thi thing. 
It is a thing of beauti and fast enough. 
when you click and don't wait. 
So yes, it is ridicul fast. 
the batteri will get you from LA to NY no problem. 
the 8.1.way differ than MY other comput SO WE have TO get use  TO it. 
IT IS veri light and the pictur IS nice  and the price wa amazing. 
can even readmi kindl ON thi comput 
excel item, ship on time, met my expectations, it doesnt heat at all, dont use it for game 
for the price thi is a super product out of the box. 
It wont wow you with it speed but who can complain at $249. 
plu thi comput come with a full size keyboard. 
NO junkware!! 
thi comput is great for someon who is look to manag their onlin life(banling, facebook etc) and some basic offlin work use MS office. 
the onli drawback is no dvd player.. but for $20 you can buy an extern one 
veri light and beautiful. 
it' just a littl slow. 
five start 
terribl slow... 
start up time took forev everyth run veri slowly. 
screen broke 1 month outsid warranty. 
overal build qualiti is cheap. 
avoid acer. 
not bad. 
nice and light, seem to help your work instead of becom work itself. 
perfect size for me. 
probabl not a game machine, which I have zero interest in. 
i just love thi ultrabook 
i defenitli recommend it for anyon for offic and home work 
it' ok. 
I find that it often get veri slow and I have to restart more than usual. 
it' light and easi to use, though. 
I love thi computer, thi is my first ever mac (i'm 21) and it took a littl while to switch over from the OS I wa use to, but it wa a fast learn curve. 
the resolut is gorgeous, the comput is light, it doe everyth I need and the interfac is pretti intuitive. 
I love thi computer! 
howev I am veri upset that it doesn't have the superdr built in! 
supper east to use. 
retina display is beautiful. 
also veri quick laptop! 
con: hate that it ha no disk drive. 
I am also glad it doesnt get too hot when left on for an extend period of time. 
the batteri life is good, even with use high profil softwar like sibeliu 7 for a good half of the day. 
wonderful, super fast, lightweight comput 
the new macbook pro working, good user experience, fast speed, faster start up time. 
thi is what I wa look for. 
It ha a wide screen and it' easi to use. 
At my age, I need thi kind of laptop. 
extrem slow. 
A masterpiec of crap. 
not durabl . 
slow processor, just not it 
I can't use the trackpad veri well, it' too sensitive, so I hook up a mouse. 
extern monitor work easily. 
been use lenovo thinkpad edg laptop in our busi for sever year now and have no complaint about ani of them. 
they have held up well not just in our sale department, but also in our servic depart where they are expos to dust, exhaust, grease, oil, and all manner of other non-computer-friendli substances. 
general, a qualiti laptop. 
the lenovo softwar that come preinstal may qualifi a bloatwar but is easili remov if you'r not interest in it. 
window 7 rocks. 
comput run veri slow! 
great laptop! 
bigger screen than expected, laptop with a desktop design that is realli nice to use for all type of usage, includ programming/edit 
one of the veri few laptop still avail with win 7 pro, multipl usb ports, and a dvd read/writ drive. 
onli drawback is no led to show when the hard drive is be accessed. 
not a necessity, but someth i'v come to expect. 
doe what I need it to do and the price wa right! 
great laptop from apple! 
appl is unriv in term of build qualiti and functionality. 
the retina screen is absolut beauti and the touchpad is the best touchpad to date. 
the pair allow for seamless navig throughout the whole interface. 
batteri life is astonish given the process power and high resolut display. 
I can easili get 10 hour out of a full charge. 
overall, a high qualiti laptop and a great valu consid all thi comput ha to offer. 
well worth the extra cost. 
size is perfect and display is beautiful! 
excel performance, especi given it price point. 
the screen is wide and provid excel clarity. 
It is not a small, compact laptop, but I won't be travel via air often, so it size and weight is not a problem for me. 
I can appreci whi she recommend it! 
don't expect much in term of perform from thi laptop. 
It get the job done in term of have a comput that can brows the web, use word/excel, and the like. 
thi laptop doe not have an rj-45 ethernet adapt for wire network connection. 
fast easi 
So far I do not have ani troubl with it other than the pictur qualiti is a bit poor. 
I have had it over a month now and it work just fine. 
thi laptop suit my needs: a i am current studi onlin and just need a comput for that purpose. 
My daughter us it for colleg too and it work great for both of us. 
So i gave thi 4 star but onli becaus of the poor pictur quality, other than that it is a great buy! 
thi laptop is absolut horrible. 
I bought it simpli for excel on window for work sinc I have a macbook air and liter the thing freez and lag open excel or my web browser. 
there is a chanc mine is defect but regardless i'm not go to tri anoth one thi is a terribl product. 
i'd much rather bite the bullet and spend a littl more for a product that actual meet minimum comput expect for 2014. 
I appreci the effort to hit afford price dell but just not worth it. 
It is slow and complic and veri disappoint 
great labtop.. 
not a fast a I would have like it to be but everyth els is great! 
i'v onli had thi comput for a few day an I alreadi don't like it. 
the batteri life is a joke and it' caus other problems. 
I will be return it. 
If peopl are write bad review about thi laptop then believ what they say. 
thi is an ok computer. 
the processor show a speed of 1.7gz. 
the sound is disappointing. 
No bass sound at all. 
mayb thi one is just a dud. 
the comput is veri wonderful. 
wa not awar it did not have a disk drive when i bought it or i would not of purchas it. 
it doe have a habit of restart itself when you tri to do the log in pw. but over all. im veri satisfied. 
it veri fast and veri light. 
great product. 
i am givi it four star instead of five becaus of no disk drive and the crash 
I absolut love my dell inspiron! 
It power on/off veri quickly, and it load up automatically. 
the mous click is a bit loud, but it realli isn't a problem. 
for $250, I highli recommend!! 
veri poor qualiti lap top.... 
I am return it... 
slow 
great valu laptop! 
I can't believ thi wa just $250 
speed is great, easi to set up and get going. 
veri pleas so far. 
It is veri difficult to use thi computer. 
too mani step to get anywher and hard to set up 
thi thing run smoothli for it price, and the batteri life seem to go on forever. 
I wasn't disappoint in it performance. 
all in all, it' well worth it price tag. 
great laptop for the price. 
It wa nearli imposs to find a laptop that had A) a side keyboard. 
B) a dvd/cd player. 
C) a larg hard drive instead of use the cloud 
D) wa under $300 with shipping. 
the onli con is window effin 8. 
still give it a 5 star rate becaus it is fast and a nice size screen. 
great for web design and gener work. 
overal good but process power isn't veri good. 
W7 pro with W8 pro upgrad is nice, but it frequent freez for a few second here and there. 
I replac stock drive with WD black 7K drive and is still quit slow. 
batteri doesn't last long web brows (2.5 hour maybe). 
It ha some bloat wear that I wish weren't there. 
It work fine for a PC in thi price range. 
I bought it for my parent (late 60s) and they love it - particularli the keyboard and screen. 
terrif valu for the money. 
love the key layout and the built-in mous pad - all work well and are properli sized. 
highli recommended. 
work good but doesn't seem like it' made sturdy. 
kinda to light and plastic feeling. 
killer computer. 
I would highli recommend thi comput it is fast!!! 
doesn't have touch screen but I have a tablet so that wasn't so important. 
look and feel is good. 
I am experienc the system littl slower than what I have expected. 
and processor feel pressur even though I run medium scale programs, watch the way exhaust speed increases. 
the hdd ha a scratch noise. 
the system sometim lag a lot. 
I don't like it at all... 
I can't put a protector to make presentation... 
A good valu on a qualiti product. 
easi setup, and deliv all the function we need. 
thi laptop is amazing! 
despit the fact that there' no optic drive, everyth is perfect. 
the screen resolut is crystal clear, the speaker are amazing, and the track pad is easi to use. 
the home page/startup is easi to navig which is the one thing I wa mainli concern about. 
internet is fast and reliable, batteri life last a long time. 
I love thi laptop! 
look like thi dell IS A piec OF crap. 
IT doe not turn ON - IF I take the batteri out IT might work, not sure IF it' A bad batteri OR computer! 
DO not recommend! 
awesom laptop! 
bootup time is amazing, batteri life is decent and it ha a great slim form factor. 
there is somewhat of a learn curve, but the oper system, and hardwar of thi mac are great. 
more than enough for my use. 
the display is vibrant and clear, the keyboard is well design and pleasant to type on; 
I even instal a window partit to be abl to run window software. 
thing just work, they are fluid, easi to use and understand, fast and work well. 
thi comput is absolut perfect for web browsing, watch video, word processing, and that' about it. 
If you want a comput that play game or ani advanc task like edit video, thi comput is not for you. 
now when I say don't expect to play game on it, I mean it. 
pretti much everi major game save for solitar won't even play on it due to the slower processor. 
it also worth note that there no bluetooth, no mircophon jack, no ethernet, no dvd/cd drive/burner, and no usb 3.0 ports. 
It doe come with two usb 2.0 ports, a hdmi port, and a webcam. 
the webcam is noth special, it there if you need it. 
don't expect it to take good pictur or video. 
the batteri is pretti soild. 
It last up to 5-6 hour with normal use. 
the comput itself run veri quiet and is mostli cool to the touch. 
the onli major neg to me is window 8.1 (though ymmv) and the dell crapwar installed. 
not bad for the price. 
I need an inexpens laptop to do basic offic work on that wa lightweight and thi fit the bill just fine. 
perform wise, it' a bit slow, but that' to be expect from a celeron-class processor. 
i'm also not a fan of window 8, but fortun I can instal whatev I want on the laptop without issue. 
love everyth about thi laptop! 
sound, qualiti and touchscreen are awesome! 
I would definit recommend this!! 
I love thi laptop to the moon. 
My favorit color black and red, the matt materi and the red backlight of the keyboard. 
the sound is great and it' fast. 
the laptop is beautiful, not extrem light but thin enough and wide screen with a full keyboard. 
the touch screen respons is fast and it pick up bluetooth and wifi fast. 
microsoft offic is a 30 day trial, a number of game and app are alreadi preloaded. 
it' exactli like the pictur and I AM satisfied. 
great laptop light and veri versatil 
it wa easi to set up. 
I like the number pad for work so that' nice 
thi is go to be random and unorganized, but here are my thought on the laptop:so far so good after a month. 
It took some get use to on the widow 8.1, after be an XP user for mani years. 
everyth seem to be run smoothly. 
onli downfal is the preload mcafe and other software. 
they are fine while the free subscript is going, but a pain when they start ask you to spend money everi time you login. 
devic is light weight, quiet dure oper and produc littl to no heat. 
It ha a quick start up and shut down time. 
the display is good quality. 
just wish there were more usb ports. 
I AM impress with thi computer, inexpens but quality. 
love the size, I AM use thi for work, I AM A nurs and have TO chart daily, thi IS easi TO use and I have not had ani problem with it. 
it' so damn good I bought 2 :D 
If you'r the type of person that just like to brows the internet and enjoy medium and do light work with microsoft office, thi is the laptop for you. 
don't expect it to be a champion perform so if you want to play game or whatev thi is not the comput for you. 
it' extrem light weight and slim becaus of the lack of an optic drive (who us those anymor anyways) so it easili fit into ani colleg student bag. 
I would recommend thi to anyon who doesn't need much out of a computer. 
I am veri happi with thi computer. 
It is exactli what I expected, and the price is excellent! 
you are get what you pay for and in my opinion, it is worth more. 
been use it for about 4 hour now and it seem plenti fast and doe everyth I need it to do. 
it a veri basic laptop. 
I thought it would have a cd-rom drive, but there isnt one. 
also wish it had a port to plug an internet cord into it becaus sometim my wifi router like to not work. 
but for the price it good. 
other than the slow cpu it work great for everyday use. 
heavi game is definit not it' strong point. 
the cover is a soft rubber textur without the friction. 
slick design and look great. 
the machin is easi to use, ha the power it need for person use and some light profession work. 
It could be lighter, but couldn't everything. 
the batteri seem adequ for most us ~ 4.5 hour use/charge. 
screen is clear and bright. 
glad it ha the dvd drive. 
perfectli adequate. 
great pc. 
the i7 is incred fast, the ram make it proper for sever game (not on maximum quality). 
great sound qualiti too. 
nice laptop. 
I use it for school, it quick and ha everyth I need on it. 
good batteri life a well. 
wifi card not work right out of the box. 
deal with HP support is a ridicul and pain experience. 
I have spent more than 2.5 hour on the phone with them (over 4 differ calls), onli to get no where. 
now i'm look into the return process, which i'm sure will just be load of fun, if my prior experi is ani indication. 
seriously, save yourself the hassl and purchas from a differ company. 
use to love HP products, but thi ha sour me on the whole company. 
By far the best laptop i'v ever had. 
it fast, powerful, screen display is top notch and the batteri life is excel for a laptop of thi size. 
My onli concern is that sinc the batteri is not external, I will not be abl to chang it out onc it start not to hold a good charg over a length of time. 
I wonder if that just appl way of say it time to get the newest and greatest laptop 3-4 year from now lol. 
the product is averag and work well. 
work at a decent speed. 
the mous pad howev is veri loud which is whi i gave it four stars. 
I had a great experi purchas my dell inspiron i3531-1200bk 15.6-inch laptop. 
My laptop wa easi to set-up, and i'v had no problem to date. 
did not disappoint me at all. 
lenovo is the best laptop. 
built in mike is realli poor and unus for skype or ani other purpose. 
and the onli microphon input is for a combo mike/speak plug. 
So to commun I need to wear ear plug or a headset with a built-in mike. 
that' a nuisanc for famili skype calls...onli one can speak at a time. 
We haven't use it enough or had it long enough to give it 5 stars, but so far it ha been a veri good laptop. 
sever other review made comment on the keyboard and now I can understand whi --- thi keyboard is the nicest to use of ani laptop we'v ever owned. 
i'm a life-long desktop comput user, and the keyboard on thi laptop is a close to a "normal" keyboard a i'v ever seen. 
We like thi new laptop -- a lot! 
veri good perform for the price. 
not blaze fast, but quick enough. 
one realli nice thing about lenovo laptop is that they are not clutter with a bunch or trial software. 
the desktop wa clean onc I got it up and running. 
batteri life is abov average, and it charg quickly. 
keyboard is sturdy. 
the touch pad take a littl get use to a the "click" button are on top instead of the bottom. 
I will be consid lenovo for all futur laptop purchases. 
thi lap top is good so far. 
It is quiet run smoothly. 
I realli like the video option on it, I stream movi on amazon prime and netflix and there is no lag. 
the onli neg would be that it get pretti warm sit on my lap for veri long, but that is pretti much standard for all lop top I think. 
it stop work 31 day after purchase. 
it wa slow and might be problematic. 
i would shop around for a better one. 
crash onli 2 day from get it!!!! 
say it is fail hard drive. 
I should have bought someth better. 
the PC is work well with a good batteri and a power cable, and ha a web cam. 
however, it doe not have a dvd drive, neither doe it afford one the opportun to connect an extern dvd drive a the manufactur did not make ani point ofconnect of an extern drive. 
other than a hate of window 8, she just love it. 
the plastic materi are rather cheap. 
love it! 
need more instruct with IT 
i'm veri happi with my acer, it doe just for what I need it. 
even the sound is fantast 
I love thi laptop. 
even my extrem tech savvi boyfriend wa impress with the featur and sleek design. 
although i'v had it for le than a week, I am veri satisfied. 
function well. 
doe all that wa advertised. 
If it had a 4,5 star option, that is what I would give. 
the build is perfect, the screen fantastic, but I do have a bit of a problem with the fact that I have to buy adaptor for nearli everything, from vga cabl to ethernet cables, so, almost perfect... 
1.great display. 
love the color accuracy. 
2.veri decent speakers. 
3.fairli fast. 
4.loud fan when watch 4K video off youtube. 
sound like a washer. 
machin get fairli hot near the bottom of the screen. 
batteri power laptop had difficulti computing. 
6.still feel too heavi to me. 
could lose anoth pound or two. 
7.expensive. 
paid close to $2800 out the door. 
biggest piec of junk I have ever purchased. 
thi clunker howev stop work after onli two week of have it delivered. 
It would have a full charg yet would turn itself off for no explain reason after be on for 5 minutes. 
the second one, after a littl over a month, refus to turn on even with a full charge. 
what a lemon!! 
thi is a big disappointment. 
I onli use a laptop for person use, but thi one can't even handl that! 
It take a long time to load ani page. 
i'v had it for a minth and so far it' shut down complet 3 times. 
I have had dell desktop for years, so had no qualm about buy a dell laptop. 
never again. 
i'v alway sworn by dell. 
So with thi new order, all the upgrad and window 8 realli caught my eye and I got thi for the long haul. 
I am not ultra tech savvi but I can tell when it work slow! 
I bare have ani file or download and it almost imposs to get thi thing to load. 
i'm so disappointed. 
In two months, both the power cord pin broke (the compani replac it) and then the CD drive liter jump out of the laptop unannounc and shatter into a million pieces. 
In addition, no matter what I do to chang the settings, add/delet flash, etc., firefox hang on start-up. 
It seem like lenovo also make weird choic about which side to put the powercord and other slot on. 
the cord alway feel like they are in my way. 
one posit aspect of thi laptop is the keyboard, which is larger than usual. 
it' a pleasur to type on. 
My final thoughts: if you are a mac user, stay away. 
If you want to travel with thi laptop, don't buy it. 
it' clunky, heavy, and a pain to start up and shut down. 
great for game 
it' truli a great laptop for the price. 
however, thi laptop far exceed my expect when I bought it for college, I onli use malwarebyt and microsoft secur essentials, run a viru scan mayb onc a week and it ha ran smoother than butter for the past two years. 
for $250, which is a much a my graphic card alon cost, thi laptop is an incred value. 
It is quit impress at multitasking, which realli surpris me. 
I can have tab open while play youtub video and it handl it impress well. 
but I should tell you that thi laptop doe not have the best screen, it' certainli good enough for the averag person, but if you'r use to good screen thi may bother you a bit, but it' certainli not unbear by anyone' standards. 
If you want to game, thi thing can handl leagu of legend on medium-low settings, but I certainli wouldn't recommend it for gaming. 
overall, a great laptop for simpli do basic thing and web-browsing. 
would definit recommend for those who are "technolog ignorant" 
thi comput is veri slow 
I love thi laptop! 
It doe everyth I need it too! 
veri good price. 
veri nice comput 
immedi didn't like the track buttons. 
they are loud and clunki but I figur i'd get use to it. 
the laptop die two day after I receiv it. 
I purchas a  dell inspiron i3531-1200bk and so far I love it, thi model ha a true life monitor, which is worth the extra bucks. 
If you'r look for a basic PC thi is the way to go. 
the hing on thi PC are nice and tight and well made like the rest of the pc. 
I wa surpris  at  the overal qualiti and the price 
In all my life i have never come across a comput a slow a thi one, it cant perform basic oper and is practic useless. 
I just receiv the laptop and if it run like thi alreadi cant imagin how it would work in the next coupl of weeks. 
It took almost 20 minut to boot up. 
pleas peopl dont make the same mistak i did. 
thi is a complet wast of money, dont let the price fool you! 
would be a veri nice laptop if the mousepad work properly. 
It wa not respons at all to touch. 
and while tap the mousepad to tri to get it to work, your palm would inevit touch the side which would pull up the side window and block your abil to find the mouse. 
If they can fix this, I think it would be a veri nice, cost-effect laptop. 
thi laptop broke within the first hour of use. 
the 'a' key becam jam so that sometim it wouldn't press in. 
dell claim they test each key with thousand of mechan key strokes. 
also, after restart the laptop it constantli made high pitch electron noises. 
i'm sure I just got a bad egg, but instead of get a replac I decid to tri a differ one. 
thi laptop is nice. 
It ha a decent feel to it, sharp display and is fast enough. 
the biggest problem I have is the right side and top of the touchpad is unresponsive. 
I have updat the driver and tweek everi featur available, but noth ha helped. 
also, the touchpad is almost 'sticky', which kind of defeat the purpos of a touchpad. 
I would love to keep thi laptop, but will be send it back and look for a differ brand. 
No lenovo for me. 
initi I like the product so much. 
although it wa slow but I felt it wa ok for the price you have bought it. 
but now I am have batteri problems. 
laptop automat shut down when batteri life reach 30%. 
I am not satisfi with the product. 
it' an amaz laptop. 
most of the thing about the laptop is awesom except the touchpad. 
the laptop is fast. 
the window 8.1 use to boot in just 2 and that wa freak awesome. 
now I have dual boot my laptop to window 8.1 and ubuntu 14.04 and it' not got too slow either. 
I am love it completely. 
It doe make a littl nois but that' alright a it' not too much. 
It doesn't get heat up much even after continu usage. 
but the  touchpad is soooooooooo big that whenev I am typing, my palm touch some part of it and then the cursor go somewher els and it' realli annoying. 
I prefer type without have to see the keyboard but due the larg touchpad, i alway have to type cautious a my hand might take me somewher else. 
A smaller touchpad would make life easier for comput scienc student or IT peopl much more easier. 
uhhhhhh, the comput look good. 
but, it work realli slowwwwww!!! 
It ha got me feel like to take year to success open a web page. 
purchas it for my birthday and love it! 
i'm so glad that I have. 
it' been a veri easi transit move my window creat file over to the mac. 
So far I haven't lost ani qualiti or information. 
I have a littl bit of a learn curv with the keyboard shortcuts. 
but other than that, I realli am love the qualiti and speed. 
expens but worth it. 
the display ha a great resolut but have difficulti alway see the small print. 
haven't quit figur out how to make the font size larger overall. 
thi is without a doubt the worst laptop i'v ever had. 
and of course, the return window close last week so now, i'm stuck with it. 
I will never buy anoth lenovo anything! 
unless you plan on use a mous with thi laptop, don't buy this. 
the touchpad hasn't work correctli sinc deliveri though in the beginning, I thought perhap it wa just a bit of a quirk sinc most touchpad i'v work with have some inher oddities. 
thi one however, is now veri loos and I have to either tap hard or repeatedli push to click in order for it to work, then suddenly, I can bare touch it at all and it click on it own. 
today, it hasn't work at all more than it has. 
It hangs, freez and just isn't work properly. 
I have now been wait almost a minut for the comput manag window to open! 
though I don't have much installed, I onli have 96 of the 278g left! 
I have no idea what' take up all the room, it doesn't make sense. 
I could go on and on, but suffic it to say, if you want to spend $400+ on a laptop, don't buy thi one! 
it' definit not worth the money. 
veri fast and good for most steam games. 
don't expect great graphics, though. 
the keyboard and sound are great, and the matt screen work well. 
can run cs:go at 60 fp on low settings. 
comput wa doa. 
turn it on and it wa beeping. 
I love thi laptop. 
look good , well built, and veri good speed. 
need a 2 usb adapt. for network plug, no problem. 
keyboard is nice and window 8.1 is great, worri about that come from xp. 
price make thi the laptop I wa look for. 
So far I am veri happi with thi computer. 
It ha everyth I wanted-- built in wi-fi connectibility, a slot for my SD camera memori card, a dvd burner, big beauti screen, plenti of usb port (three 3.0 and one 2.0), and a keyboard with a nice touch. 
I like the fact that it came with window 7, but also includ window 8 to instal later if I need it. 
the price wa good. 
I use a wireless mouse, but the touch pad and the "red button" in the middl that work like a littl "joystick" also work fine. 
I wish I had bought thi sooner! 
thi is a great bargain. 
yes, it' run and old type processor so, hey, don't even tri game on it. 
but, if you are just an averag user, it work realli great. 
the screen is good, the whole thing is veri light and doesn't run hot. 
i'm veri happi with it, type on it right now and it is fast enough for that! 
I like everyth about thi laptop. 
It ha no way of connect to the internet save wifi but that' all I use anyway! 
I put that free app on for word process and it work like a charm. 
I plug it into my exist printer and it just worked, no fuss no muss. 
It immedi recogn the printer and wa readi to go. 
excel buy. 
the worst comput I have ever laid my eye upon. 
firstly, it ha no led to let you know what is go on, no cap lock, no hard drive indicator, nothing. 
ok, one light to let you know if the damn thing is on. 
the biggi though is the fact that it disconnect from the internet whenev if feel like it, even when the strength bar is filled. 
also, when you tri to download a larg file, like a video, it will start out normally, download at around 600kb/sec and over the cours of a coupl of minut will slow waaaaaay down to around 20kb/sec, make a download of a coupl minut into sever hour make it worthless. 
too often I would find it not be abl to stay connect to the internet. 
I wa unabl to download itun to it. 
dell support wa aw to deal with. 
and the set are simpli annoying. 
just not for me. 
the comput is a expected, and worth the money. 
the 8.1 window is a major disappointment. 
oper a non touch screen on thi system is a royal pain! 
It came with no instruct book - no back up cd' and ha alreadi crashed. 
hand down one of my best and most use purchas thu far. 
the mid-2014 macbook pro doe no disappoint... 
retina screen, solid build quality, weight, fast processor and the reliabl of the appl brand. 
cons:honestli zero con' ... a a window PC user the switch over wa seamlessly,  I run parallel when I need windows. 
all my devic work flawlessly. 
i'm an amature, so thi doe more than I can handle. 
i'm perfectli satisfied, just have to get use to the new 6.1 system I can't see a problem. 
I' doi9ng fine now, and happi a a bug. 
the price is great and it doe everyth I want to do,  thanks. 
it' perfect! 
it' great for what he us it for. 
I am realli not happi with thi computer... 
I don't like window 8 but that is no fault of the comput but the keyboard is so hard to get the key to work and the space bar. 
would not buy it again. 
meh...but cheap. 
the first thing I can say for posit is that the laptop is veri light- make it realli portable..thi with a rel clear screen is a bonus. 
now the graphic are not hd...and the reason that it is light is that it is realli basic (medium low grade) plastic. 
So if you don't have kids, or not in high school or don't accid sit on it, it should be fine. 
now the speed is disappointing. 
start up is fine  mayb 20 sec at most, but then to get page to load on internet is molass at times. 
even for a 4gb ram it bare chug with 3 tab open. 
all in all I wish I had wait a bit. 
thi laptop is amazing! 
window 8.1 ha it pro and cons. 
the keyboard is backlit but you have to press the F5 key to turn it on. 
Of cours thi will decreas your batteri life. 
the sound is veri nice and crisp. 
also, I have no regret about go with the 8gb ram becaus it super fast. 
i'm still explor the variou featur but overal I am satisfi with my purchase. 
the HP envi 15 ha been everyth I expected. 
after do much research for a laptop that had all the featur I wa look for, thi one hit all the criterion I had. 
the laptop is veri responsic with the core i7 processor and 8gb of ram and the sound out of the beat audio is great. 
I would highli recommend thi product to anyon look for a top perform laptop. 
use 6 time black screen return for refund 
do not use the facial recognit 
window 8 is not support by a lot of things! 
the dell is quick enough, sturdy, not good with finger prints. 
It doe what it advertises. 
price is great, wish it didn't have window 8, but that is an opinion. 
I would recommend it, for anybodi need a reliabl simpl laptop. 
I bought thi for my daughter to use for school and homework, it' not a "fast" computer, but it' great for what she need it for and veri light weight! 
love the price too! 
well, my first appl comput and I am impressed. 
work well, fast and no reboots. 
glad I did so far. 
s.... L .... o..... w....  rea......llllyy  slow. 
like serious  - realli slow. 
imposs to use. 
cant even read properly. 
plu - no russian input ??  wtf 
what a great laptop, I can run my game and work realli fast. 
realli light you can carri with you everywhere. 
great batteri life. 
everyth at a veri great price. 
I complet recommend it. 
excel valu and a must buy for someon look for a macbook. 
you can't get ani better than thi price and it come with an intern disk drive. 
plu you get 500gb which is also a great feature. 
also, the resal valu on thi will keep. 
I highli recommend you get one befor they are gone. 
got thi on black friday with a veri good discount and couldn't be happier. 
the screen is great, I don't see the need for a retina display. 
I also realli like the addit of the SD card slot. 
thi macbook pro is amazing! 
If you are afraid of it not have a disc player pleas don't be. 
I love the new high retina display, and becaus thi comput lack a disc player it make it significantli lighter. 
overall, thi is a fast, light, practic comput and I highli recommend it. 
I bought my macbook pro in octob of 2012 and 2 year later it still work a flawless a ever! 
i'v never had ani problem with the comput itself (the macbook charger chord are anoth story, though). 
I tri not to jump on the appl bandwagon, but... you'r just live in denial if you don't. 
happi buying! 
bought thi laptop from best buy in januari 2015.. still love it. 
I can use it a a tablet,a a laptop, a whatev I want to! 
I play sim 4 and 3 on it all the time, with veri littl issues. 
the thing wake up super fast and is alway readi to go. 
music/video sound great and look great. 
I use it everyday. 
My favorit comput i'v ever had! 
thi comput overal is great! 
it run fast! 
ship fast! 
etc. but the compani and seller lie to you and tri to make an extra buck! 
I bought thi pc to play game and stream movies! it could handl all of that but my friend want me to put some music on a cd! 
I could see the disk drive on the side but it didn't seem to have a button on it? 
A disk drive with button ON it!!!!!! 
and he said&quot; thi comput doe not have a disk drive and I wa furious! 
So bewar buyer, thi comput ha a useless piec of plastic on it. 
thank you asus.(they don't deserv to be capitalized) 
great computer. 
veri great appl product a expected. 
good batteri life. 
great color on screen. 
good speaker from laptop computer. 
My new laptop is great. 
It ha so much more speed and the screen is veri sharp. 
I have to admit that the oper system is differ and doe take time to learn but I like it. 
I would recommend it to anyone. 
thi laptop is fine for those applic and basic websurfing. 
the speaker are fairli basic, so thi is probabl not the comput to buy if your main aim is stream music or watch movies. 
the touchpad is a littl &quot;clunky&quot; for my taste; I use a small extern mous with laptop  in ani event. 
I appreci the rel larg keyboard (with number pad) and screen size. 
I also found the track pad irrit until I disabl &quot;pinch zoom.&quot; 
thi is larger laptop, but is not too heavy. 
batteri life is great - though it is new. 
overall, a solid laptop for it price. 
however, a few thing are immedi occur to me  I had read the other review here on amazon, but decid the spec and appear look good enough to go ahead. 
well, my first impress are that it ok, it certainli boot up quickli (thank ssd!), and from the limit use so far (no games) it fast enough in normal usage. 
It certainli look nice, but that nice dark blue top is a fingerprint magnet a other have point out. 
also I have found the touch pad to be awkward to use (could be I am press too hard perhaps), and the screen is    well   underwhelming. 
To be honest I am a littl disappoint and consid return it. 
thi is a horribl laptop. 
within a day of usage, it alreadi slow down significantly, viru enter the system right away. 
it' heavy. 
I regret immediately. 
noth like the descript says. 
My appl mac book pro ha crash three times, sinc I purchas it. 
each time, appl can onli uninstal to origin factori set for me to start over. 
I believ thi macbook pro wa a lemon right out the gate. 
:( 
thi comput is like...  i'm lost for words. 
thi is the best switch I have ever done. 
thi ha much more memori and ram memory. 
even the batteri life is like wow! 
I love, love, loooove! 
I can say that I am fulli satisfi with the perform that the comput ha supplied. 
It contain a long batteri life, incred specs, and an overal enjoy performance. 
upgrad from a toshiba laptop, I am fulli impress with all of the benefit that the mac oper system provides. 
the snappi processor allow for me to quickli upload photo and videos, a well a creat movi for me and my colleagu to enjoy. 
In upgrad to thi comput I can say I have found littl to ani flaw in the product, henc the 5 star review. 
love thi computer. 
It ha done everyth and more that I expected. 
I am sure it will be abl to do all I need it to do in the futur a well. 
the screen look great in my opinion the sound is nice. 
So far I have no complaint and dont expect mani complaint in the future. 
thi did give some set troubl and i had to call tech support. 
they were great. 
it been easi breezi sinc then. 
how could you not love a mac 
so far so good, i have not encount ani issu with thi computer. 
love the flip featur and the touch screen feature. 
for the price that i paid i feel that i got good value. 
thi lap top is not the lightest you can purchase, so if that is import to you mayb you should shop some more. 
To a prospect buyer,  08/10/2012  onc you go mac, you'll never go back. 
wa the best decis we ever made. 
It run just a fast a the day we got it with no problems! 
We don't have to de-frag, deliet cookies, run secur programs, or ani of the common PC problem that have to be delt with in order to keep you run and up to speed. 
you can't get a viru on mac, so in the long run the cost of the mac is save by not buy security, and not have to replac your comput everi year or two. 
never had ani issues, no frustrat just great easi wireless, all in one fun! 
it' great. 
becaus it is a touch screen you don't even need a mouse. 
you will probabl never use it in tablet mode but it' nice to know you have that option. 
If you draw on the other hand i'm sure you will love use thi in tablet mode. 
lastly, becaus it can flip 360 you can comfort lay down in bed and have the keyboard face down a you watch a show closer without have to adjust your sit posit for the keyboard. 
thi comput is great. 
I have a 250 GB ssd and 10 GB of ram in it, which I instal myself. 
It run faster than it did when I got it. 
I enjoy the simplic and user-friendli interfac of yosemite. 
i'm excit for El capitan. 
the app are veri easi to use. 
the resolut is excellent. 
I am veri satisfi with everyth about thi machine. 
like so mani other who do thi there is a learn curv and i'm excit to do it. 
thi mbp is clean, neat, and simple. 
I like that. 
It take le time to power up, and if you just close the case it go into sleep mode. 
when you open it wake up almost immediately. 
veri nice. 
I am pleas with my decision, howev I have onli had thi for a few weeks. 
there are a few thing I am dissappoint with though. 
onli 2 usb ports. 
No hdmi port. 
the headphon jack is a combo jack for the headphon and microphone. 
not a big deal for me, but if you skype a lot or are game a regular headphon set with a separ jack for the headphon sound and microphon input will not work on a mac. 
As a student major comput science, I realli fell in love with thi laptop. 
it' 15.6 inches, which for me is not too big nor too small. 
It ha the latest i7 cpu with a gtx 950m for gpu, which make thi laptop blaze fast (boot up in under 5 seconds, with the help of the ssd of course). 
- It ha 256gb ssd which is just enough for my os, games, documents, and anyth in between. 
It also ha an extra bay for an extra hdd if you wish to add one. 
- it' not touchscreen! 
- it keyboard is nice arranged, silent, and back-lit which is nice, but what I don't like about it is the materi attract oil from your fingers. 
I have to clean it regularli for it to stay look good. 
- thi laptop is so silent, it fan onli kick in when the laptop is under heavi load, thank to the 5th gener intel core which draw le power,  thu le heat. 
- It can run game realli well. 
well, not realli well. 
moba like dota 2 and smite can be run on max qualiti set with 60 fp or more. 
medium set on titl like tomb raider for it to be accept (60 fp is the minimum accept fp #pcmasterrace). 
- it' lightweight and easi to carri around. 
- the screen is a matt 1080p display, which is nice, but with poor view angle. 
I find myself adjust it regularly. 
- It look sleek and gorgeous. 
blend in with ani accessori you use with it. 
all in all I am veri happi with thi purchase. 
and with thi price, I don't think you can buy anyth better. 
all I can say is I am impressed. 
veri quick to get it up and run with a minimum setup time right after you open the box. 
it' worth it. 
pay me now, pay me later.........i am happi with my choic go with thi laptop. 
I wa disappointed. 
It seem like a great comput and a great deal. 
the first one arriv and it did not work. 
the space bar sticks. 
I find it hard to navig from screen to screen. 
for a non-comput savvi person, it wa veri disappointing. 
I like the 13 inch macbooks. 
it size is ideal and the weight is acceptable. 
the new mac OS mountain lion ha some nice featur a wel a the trackpad. 
I didn't think i would need an optic drive but sinc i have had it I use it sever times. 
the magnet lid and charger is cool and batteri indic on the side is cool. 
the mac is light and so compact I thought I would regret not buy a retina display, not in the least the mac pro work just fine. 
the OS is easy, and offer all kind of surprises. 
i'v been use apple' sinc 1992 and thi is the fastest and best one i'v  had. 
thi mac allow all of that. 
thi is veri fast, high perform computer. 
thi should be more than  enough comput for almost everyone. 
I would not hesit recommend  thi to anyone. 
It fast and easi to set up. 
I had clone my data from my old comput use  carbon copi cloner (ccc) and simpli move everyth to the new comput  and wa off and run at speed I had onli dream up before. 
the mac book pro is a comput for the disorganized, lazy, and eye candi person in all of us. 
the macbook pro alreadi understand how to jump through hoop and act more like a friendli guide. 
If you want to use the internet, then you can make your icon jump out from the bottom of the screen, like a magnifi glass is project onto the select icon. 
thi comput is amaz for the individu who doe not want to do ani extra work via their understand of their laptop. 
I would'v given 5 stars, had it not been for the hour of updat i'v had to do to thi upon arrival. 
other than that, I love it. 
it' portable, reliable, and great for what I use it for. 
positives:  - No matter what position, thi laptop will stay in it. 
it' veri sturdy. 
- quick boot-up, and run efficiently. 
- touchscreen is great. 
negatives:  - As aforementioned, my onli con wa the updates. 
everyth you'd expect from a mac. 
It look and feel solid, with a flawless finish. 
the screen definit is superb and it fire up super quick and same to close down. 
onli had it a few week but doesn't leav my side. 
thi machin is flawless, fast, and classy. 
out of all the laptop I have owned, thi is by far the best! 
i'm not sure if it wa cover in the description, but it doe have a backlit keyboard and i'm get about an 8 hour batteri life on one charg (except I don't use thi for game or videos, which obvious would drain the batteri faster). 
It wake in le than a second when I open the lid. 
the screen ha an extrem high resolut that i'm veri pleas with. 
even though macbook are expensive, you will see that they are well worth the money. 
you will not regret buy thi computer! 
My daughter' macbook air batteri bulg deform the keyboard sever day ago. 
It took 3 day to make an appoint at the local appl store. 
i'm not sure what happen next but she came back home cri with a piec of paper in her hand $129 for a new battery, $39 to replac it and $139 for a new keyboard. 
I could not believ they did not consid the batteri a defect so I went to the appl store myself and ask for a manager. 
He explain to me the batteri expans is 'normal'. 
appl doesn't cover batteri expans under ani circumst not even under their appl care. 
the batteri is simpli consid 'consumable' and not covered. 
I ask the manag if he feel comfort with me post the pictur of the macbook air on the internet with the descript that appl doesn't consid the product defective. 
hi repli astonish me, look down at me behind hi thick glass he said: 'make sure you have your fact straight befor you smear! 
He didn't specifi who are 'they' but from the tone of hi voic and hi 6'5' postur it indic someth between the swat team and a bunch of lawyers. 
here is my take on all of this, the busi model appl push right now is to get some cheap junk from china, hire a bunch of cheerlead straight out of high school, call them geniuses, and bulli everybodi who complain about their product. 
steve job is dead, so is apple. 
No more appl devic in my household. 
pleas googl 'macbook batteri bulg explode' befor you buy your next appl toy. 
i'v been spoil by the build qualiti and stabil of macintosh and even thi use comput is a gem. 
I can bat around all the thing that everyon els says, but it' been what we'v been use for decad and I have noth bad to say. 
It churn out HD content, run without mani flaw and i'v yet to get a viru on a mac sinc I start use the platform in the earli 1990's. 
My 15&amp;#34; macbook' motherboard fri but I think that wa a sugar spill that I never bother clean up. 
that' the onli issu i'v ever had sinc work on mac in 1995. 
that' a pretti impress track record don't you think? 
however, the HP envi ha definit met all of my expect and more. 
I have been thoroughli impress with my purchas thu far and do not regret purchas it at all. 
while the price may seem high, it is worth everi penni with it mani perks. 
the pros:  A ton of storag space- thi laptop come with 8gb of memori and a 1 TB (1000gb) hard drive. 
that is plenti of space for your laptop, which realli come in handi for colleg student and comput gamers. 
2-in-1 capability- the eas of switch thi laptop into a tablet is a huge plus. 
If you are look to get a 2-in-1 laptop, thi is the laptop you should consider. 
I love the flexibl of be abl to fold it over like a tent and watch movies, without have the keyboard in the way of things. 
I find it much easier to type on and much more durable. 
batteri life- My batteri life is realli good with thi laptop and I have had no problem with it thu far. 
I can usual go about 10 hour befor I get down to 10% batteri life. 
the cons:  No disc drive- call me old fashioned, but I still enjoy listen to physic cd and upload them to itunes. 
however, I can no longer do thi becaus thi laptop doe not contain a disc drive. 
overall, I definit would recommend thi product to ani colleg student that is in the market for a new laptop. 
the touchscreen and 2-in-1 capabl is a huge bonu and it is realli easi to carri around to your classes. 
It also is nice to be abl to play candi crush or angri bird when in between class straight from your laptop. 
It make it much more excit to play! 
i'm actual write thi review on my new macbook and I love it! 
the comput it self is amazing. 
It is an older model, so know that upfront, but it is everyth I wa look for. 
from the moment I receiv thi macbook it wa like a dream come true. 
I know onc I upgrad the ram to 8gb it will pick up a lot. 
also, if after read some review and do some research I found out that thi laptop is easili upgrad and easi to work on which is anoth big plus. 
So long stori short, if you want an oldi but a goodi thi is your laptop. 
I know peopl were complain that it isn't the newest model, but it all depend on what you are look for. 
I highli recommend!! 
thi comput is a fantast tool for word processing, search the internet, and keep track of everyday life. 
it' also incred light, ha a batteri that can last for days, and look like a piec of art. 
though, that' pretti much what your pay for -- a well design device. 
when you look at the intern specs, the comput is onli worth about $500. 
It ha a 128 GB storag capac (but with the option of a 256 GB hard drive) and a 1.6ghz dual-cor intel core i5, so don't expect to be game on thi comput and make sure you pick up an extern hard drive too. 
If your look to be a trendi hipster who can't live without a mac, it' a great buy. 
It mix a great balanc between the spec that are need and what you don't need. 
pro :  1. nice looks. 
2. keyboard is great 
I want a simpl full HD display and thi one doe it job 
4. sound is great 
5. and thi ha a extra slot for hdd 
6. No CD drive. 
cons:  1. web cam. 
vga realli asus?? 
you don't want to show thi to anyon :). 
anyway I don't use webcam much so , I don't care 
2. view angl are not great. 
3. rememb it a dual core. 
4. the fan kick in even it not too hot. 
5. I found the track pad not great. 
I use my mous so not a problem for me. 
over all veri good system and worth it. 
thi wa the onli tablet-styl comput so far which met my requirements. 
I wa seduc by thi computer, so I took it home. 
the wireless keyboard (not bluetooth, but rf) did not pair up with the device. 
It still did not pair. 
I even ran it a administr -- still no effect. 
I use the ctrl-esc key while turn on, and still nothing. 
It flicker briefli to green befor the light go out. 
I still can't pair it. 
I don't want to carri around a bluetooth keyboard for a comput whose keyboard is nonfunctional. 
soni can eat the cost from the seller on thi one while I get my money back for a defect product. 
but soni doesn't seem to have address it. 
My first mac comput and a mani befor me I just fall in love with it. 
chang the memori from 4 GB to 8 GB corsair vengeanc and 500 GB hdd (5400 rpm) with seagat hybrid 750 GB hdd+ssd. 
machin is fli and with parallel desktop 8 I have my old PC notebook complet function on my mbp. 
way to go and enjoy both worlds. 
thi asu you'r look at right here, and that i'm type on right now, ha one. 
-  with that be said, for the price ($800!), you get a nice fast laptop, but if you ask me, it' miss some thing that I feel should be automat included: 
thi laptop ha no:  - touchscreen  - optic drive (ok, a bit of a stretch, becaus that would eat up preciou space in thi monster)  - swivel or detach screen 
what thi laptop doe have is:  - window 8, which is confus a all get-out  - ton of &amp;#34;bloatware&amp;#34;. 
thi is realli nice, but I hate the awkward right mous clicking.. sometim it works, sometim it doesn't.. may be the laptop, may be the laptop in conjunct with window 8?  
either way, highli annoying. 
I hook up a usb mous and all is well. 
all work beauti but window 8 is take a bit of get use to. 
love the 360 degre rotat and the touch screen work great, but a littl bit of a learn curv there too, a sometim I have to tap a few time to get the exact locat I need... 
overal it is just my learn a few thing than ani downfal with the laptop (the mous wa the onli neg I could realli see)... 
thi is a fantast transformer! 
I love play with it and the touchscreen wa great for the window 8 platform. 
the onli reason I return it wa becaus I bought it to use the touchscreen with photoshop and becaus of the program, it could not util the touchscreen within the work space except to zoom and rotate. 
I would have kept it but that wa the sole reason for my purchase. 
it' a great product and would recommend to anyon look for a transform or larg touchscreen. 
i'm look forward to need a laptop updat so I can purchas thi comput again. 
i'v onli had thi for a week overal I like the computer, it' thin &amp; light and the wireless keyboard work great. 
I wa impressed; soni put in small touch like a usb charg port on the charger. 
one thing I did't like is the stylu holder, it' cheap plastic and doesn't seem to be well thought out becaus it get instal on the cover for the usb port. 
I do't use it, I think I would accid break it and loos my stylus. 
the other issu I had wa the amount of time it take to updat the oper system and all the softwar when you get it. 
awesom laptop for college!!! 
can be use for game a well. 
it' light, fast and ha great battery!! 
it' a steal when consid the spec and perform a well. 
the processor and gpu are fantast at run game and multipl apps. 
I can run most game to a good qualiti without see ani lack of speed. 
the backlit keyboard is a nice touch especially. 
make sure to onli handl thi comput with clean hand becaus the front cover can get oili pretti fast. 
i'm overal veri pleas with my new laptop!!! 
the onli downsid are the speakers. 
they don't go veri loud at all. 
the qualiti of the sound is nice but the lack of volum realli kill it for me. 
thi is mostli not an issu sinc I mainli use earbud anyway howev it could be annoy at times. 
the screen look fine to me and wasn't an issu like other have been saying. 
overal great for me!!! 
thi laptop ha delivered. 
I immedi did the window 10 upgrad and haven't had ani issues. 
the wireless adapt is strong and the ssd is fast. 
thi thing boot in just a few second which is nice. 
other have mention issu with view angl on the screen, but I never use the laptop where i'm not look straight at it so it doesn't bother me. 
i'm veri pleas with the purchase. 
boot time is super fast, around anywher from 35 second to 1 minute. 
app launch super fast, and the 500gb hdd is more than sufficient. 
I usual use my mac for school work and internet browsing, so the entry-level 13' macbook pro is alreadi more than what I expect from a comput I would typic use it for. 
mac hardli ever get viruses, and they are complet incompat with exist microsoft window viruses. 
furthermore, mac OS X mountain lion' gate keeper prevent the user from download malwar and trojans, which keep your data safe and your comput run at optimum speed. 
the key on the keyboard are evenli space and are back-lit, which make it easi to use at night and for speed write (typing?). 
overall, the screen resolution, though non-retina, is suffici for normal web brows and work. 
the thunderbolt port is awesome! 
US 3.0 come with the mbp and ha transfer rate of up to 5gbps. 
other port includ firewir 800, gigabit ethernet, magsaf port, microphon jack. 
sdhc card reader and an optic drive for burn and read discs. 
the glass track pad is larg enough for apple' highli acclaim multi-touch gestur for scroll through web page with two fingers, zoom in on certain part of certain app by doubl tap with two fingers, access launchpad by pinch with five finger and use mission control by swipe up with four fingers. 
for window user switch to a mac, you can also enabl right click (known to appl a secondari click) in the system preferences&gt; mous and enabl right clicking. 
the uniqu to appl aluminium uni-bodi is a real beauty. 
It make the mbp veri durabl and protect it from scratches, though you shouldn't go launch it against a wall for the sake of tri it. 
the mac app store and itun store are phenomenal. 
the mac app store is your one-stop shop for mac software, though you can also download softwar onlin at your own risk. 
there are current around 10,000 app on the app store (and counting...), and billion of song avail for download fro the itun store. 
itun is one of the better medium player avail on the market with it' simpl to use user interface. 
i'm sure you won't regret make thi purchase. 
one of the worst piec of electron I have ever bought. 
veri pour performance. 
It take for ever to wake it up. 
sometim It stop receiv wifi signal, so I have to restart it. 
It is veri slow and not responsive. 
would not recommend. 
glare is also pretti frustrating. 
there is definit more to say... 
I test it, it work great. 
He receiv it, and one day later it dies. 
the laptop refus to start, we have troubleshoot all areas, still fail to start. 
cannot even get to bios. 
just a click and a black screen. 
Of course, it die 3 day past the return window. 
We got two day of oper from thi laptop. 
when the macbook pro arrived, I help her transfer all of her schoolwork from the PC to the mac... an easi drag-and-drop process util a flash drive. 
It wa deliv with 4gb of ram -- 2gb on each of two stick -- which wa probabl adequate. 
So I simpli pull one 2gb stick from the machin and instal the 8gb stick in it place. 
the machin now ha 10 gig of ram and it work just fine. 
but, hey, it' an apple. 
I wouldn't expect anyth less! 
If it wa possibl to give them 0 start, I would have done it. 
My laptop' one of the key from keyboard came out and it wa mechan failure. 
My laptop wa under coverag but when I gave it to them for repairs, they quot me $755 for it. 
thi compani just want customers' money in their pocket. 
they dont care how you feel when they charg you hundr of hard earn dollars. 
I wish thi compani to go bust. 
I will never ever buy ani appl product in my life. 
overal I love it. 
first, when I move the screen to put it in tablet position, the hing doesn't seem total solid. 
I feel like I need to be realli gentl with it, but mayb that' just me. 
also, and thi mayb is anoth person quirk, but the keyboard sit a littl far back for my tast so my watch scrape against the edg of the laptop. 
first off, amaz laptop! 
three year ago I had purchas thi bad boy and it still run great! 
If I were to have ani technic difficulties, the local appl and contact line were abl to help me asap, it wa quit impressive. 
I myself had purchas the 750 gig drive laptop and a a DJ with thousand of songs, pictures, and other things...and after 3 year I have manag to fill around 9% of my gigs. 
there is SO much room! 
pro  1. amaz storag (both 500gig and 750gig) 
2. 8 gig ram need if you are a product a I am (dj, photography, movi making, etc) it quick! 
3. No anti spywar needed, never had a viru and I never will 
4. build solid and durabl 
5. bought the 3 year warranti and boy it wa need (becaus of my doings) 
cons.  1. If you fall behind in updates, your laptop will becom progress slower, just updat it...then it back to normal 
2. sometim when I stare mine up it would take a few extra minut to boot on, other time it is a few second 
3. cannot manual take batteri out, unless you work for appl or have the tool 
overall, it is a fantast laptop. 
mine ha been though hundr of parties, weddings, quinces, anyth involv performances, it can take it! 
thi laptop wa made for art, music, beat-making, pictures, movies, graphic design. 
By the way, it come with app and hardwar that can alreadi support what I had just listed. 
thi laptop will last you a half decad if not a full decade. 
soon I will be hit the 5 year mark and I think thi thing can make it anoth 5 in my opinion. 
get thi now!!! 
By the way...i paid for thi particular laptop roughli 2 grand...look AT the price now! 
thi is a great laptop. 
I bought it for colleg and couldn't be happier. 
the ssd and I7 complement each other realli well. 
I wa pretti skeptic about upgrad to window 10, but it is pretti awesome. 
If you are look for a light, durable, and extrem effeci laptop, buy thi one! 
they realli know what they are doing. 
the laptop is so easi to work with. 
like it wa design for what peopl would want to the system to do, veri user-friendly. 
it simplic is one of the thing that make it so great, asid from it qualiti design and sexi looks. 
If you dont like window I would suggest tri a mac. 
the invest is worth it. 
have bought sever laptop in last sever year and hand down thi ha been the best ever. 
mac user interfac is just the best. 
also, the laptop is quite, no more burnt laps, best screen display, and small addit like backlit keyboard win your heart over. 
onli thing I dislik is that everyth for mac is expens but I guess you pay for quality! 
not impress with macintosh products. 
In fact I am complet frustrated. 
also, mani softwar program are not compat with the io platform. 
Be sure the program you need will work on a mac befor you buy one! 
I had heard peopl speak highli of the macbook pro for colleg students, and have not been disappoint through two and a half year of extens use. 
the macbook pro is use for colleg student for mani reasons: 
It is the cheapest product in the line of macbook' 
the new oper system call snow leopard is instal and readi for use 
the batteri life ha increas from the last version from 4 hour to 7 hours, make it easi for colleg student to studi for extend period of time without need a charger. 
reliability: throughout the past few years, I have had no problem with the macbook pro regard the process system or ani design flaws. 
durability: My comput ha fallen from small height and ha had a few spill on it, but ha had no last damag to the consol with onli a light plastic case on it. 
usability: the macbook pro is veri easi to use and can be use by someon who doesn't necessarili have extens knowledg on computers. 
the process system is alreadi download and the applic are veri user friendly. 
the macbook pro ha a signific amount of posit attribut that greatli outweigh the neg attributes: 
pros:  o It usual run veri smoothly, but appl ha an excel support team that is alway will to help customers. 
o It ha an extend batteri life. 
o It is extrem user friendly. 
cons:  o some peopl don't enjoy the way the process system runs, but don't have ani issu with get it to function. 
o other have problem with the applic depend what they need to use the devic for, for exampl engin major need extra applic &amp; system to do some work, but they are easili downloadable. 
My first laptop ever and it is a flip into a tablet mode also, brilliant. 
So far so good. 
batteri doesn't hold up to what it said in the descript but I got it refurb'd and I imagin they swap out the batteri to help cover the cost on the reduc price (just a guess). 
still get use to type on it, my palm keep hit the mousepad and caus the cursor to jump and move me off of where I wa typing. 
plenti of port and sinc thi is my first laptop, I realli don't have anyth to compar it to. 
note: no dvd drive, no ethernet port 
screen is too small to read and almost imposs to touch  with a normal adult finger. 
the brightest screen set appear dim in normal room light. 
keyboard is flimsi and mediocr at best. 
the touch pad feel is a 4 on scale  1 - 10. 
comput seem sluggish for an intel core i5 device. 
power on - good luck find it. 
I would run back to comput store and return thi expens toy. 
signed: not impress 
I bought thi a few month ago and it' hold up fairli well. 
run fast, the touch screen hasn't lost ani sensitivity, i'm overal veri happi with it. 
thi one doesn't do that. 
the trackpad is pretti crappi - but aren't they all? 
thi is my first appl comput and I couldn't be more pleased. 
io doe everyth it bill to do and much, much more. 
liter everi detail ha been thought out and design with the user in mind. 
I can't believ how much time it save me through automat processes. 
the comput of the people! 
I love thi laptop. 
the batter last a long a claimed. 
I get about 5 or so hour play the sims. 
I haven't realli offici test it yet, but it' a long time. 
I hate plug my laptop in becaus I don't want to leav it on too long and hurt the battery, but with thi laptop I rare have to charg it. 
the touchscreen is respons and even work with my crappi dollar stylus. 
the onli problem I have is with window 8. 
I hate window 8. 
It made me sign up with microsoft and sometim won't let me download thing that are harm to my computer, but that' what anti viru softwar is for lol. 
the wifi rumor hasn't happen to me. 
the wifi work great. 
It feel veri well built. 
the metal is veri expens feeling. 
the laptop is a littl more than an inch thick when closed. 
i'm a veri weak girl and I could lift thi laptop with one hand, howev i'd get tire soon lol. 
the 15.6&amp;#34; screen is not good for carri around in your bare hands. 
I bought my first macbook exactli 5 month ago and wa realli happi with my new toy, but what wa not my surpris when I turn it on 2 day ago and the screen wa complet black. 
I can hear the nois of the comput turn on and the light also turn on but the screen in complet dead. 
the best comput i'v ever bought. 
the simpl look of icon and format make it easi to navig through program and download files. 
the onli issu I had wa with the harddrive. 
the harddriv crash and I thought I had lost the whole computer. 
replac the harddriv in thi laptop is extrem easy, a coupl screw on the back to remov the backplat and the harddriv is pretti much plug and play. 
and appl wa happi to instal the latest osx for free! 
you wont be disappoint with thi computer! 
it' just a matter of get use to the touch-pad commands. 
thank I have earphon and an extern amplifi for audio; the onboard speaker are just terrible. 
but what should I expect from a unit that is thi thin and thi light? 
the most disappoint purchas of my life! 
I receiv a dud and have had noth but problem sinc right after I purchas thi horribl machine. 
within the first few month that I bought it, there wa clearli a problem with the hard drive. 
the onlin custom servic wa awful. 
gave me the runaround for an entir day and treat me like an imbecile. 
No one would ever answer my question a to whi I couldn't get anoth new macbook sinc thi wa clearli a factori error and my macbook wa still under warranty. 
As a matter of fact, no matter how mani time I ask that question, the employe I spoke purpos ignor it. 
they didn't say ye and they didn't say no, they just pretend that I never ask it, which wa incred frustrating. 
i'v been to the &amp;#34;genius&amp;#34; bar sever time (they have been veri nice). 
they have now basic replac everyth insid my machine, told me there wa a problem with the hardware, so I now have a &amp;#34;refurbished&amp;#34; machine. 
mayb i'm not be reasonable, but I don't feel that' the same a a new comput becaus I didn't pay for a refurbish computer. 
I still have weird freez problem with it and it' pretti slow, but it' not pinpoint enough yet for me to take it in. 
I had delus of grandeur regard apple' &amp;#34;great custom service&amp;#34; and the &amp;#34;reli of their machines&amp;#34; etc.. etc...blah...blah... 
i'm sure most people' macbook work just fine, but fyi, if you get the factori dud, you'r stuck with it and no one at appl care or will give a hoot about the money you threw away. 
one OS for thi platform, no oem OS paraphernalia and automat updates. 
I am happi with the feel the speed and the seamless transit to the mac! 
well she wa right, whatev in the world took me so long to get a comput that just works. 
i'm no power user, but I have had no learn curv with the mac and I don't do anyth geeki enough forc me to learn the os. 
I did buy offic 2008 for the mac at a veri low price to migrat most of my work file for $64 and that wa  a steal in my opinion. 
otherwis I am happili a  mac user. 
for a premium laptop sold in 2013, the appl macbook pro (13 inch, base model) is about a basic a it gets: no ssd, no discret graphics, no 1080p display, and no touch screen. 
but appl doe not pretend it ha ani of these. 
what it doe have is great reliabl on the softwar side and hardwar side, apple' osx mountain lion, the sleek look appl alway delivers, reason specs, good batteri life, nice keyboard, and excel trackpad. 
those look for a bargain laptop will shi away from the enorm price tag, and those who want to play the latest game do not ever use macs. 
the macbook pro 13.3 inch laptop is for those who want to use a mac, but valu perform and upgrad over weight and screen resolution. 
thi mac will last longer than ani other simpli becaus it is the easiest to upgrad and repair. 
hard drive can be replaced, ram can be ad a needed, and the intern batteri can be replac after lose it abil to hold a charge. 
this, ad with the fact that the speed of the hard drive is veri slow for the money, detract from the computer' value. 
lower the price by one hundr dollar would justifi the hard drive and screen and make the comput a five-star purchase, but for the price, thi is a four star (good) computer. 
tldr version: good, reliabl laptop with mediocr screen and slow hard drive. 
I am realli sorri I bought thi machine. 
I wa shock at how much wors thi product ha been sinc my first purchase. 
thi machin ha made me go there 5 time and ha been noth but a continu problem. 
finally, they are send it in for a motherboard replacement. 
(it' a lemon). 
so, i'm cool on mac buys. 
they did not replac the motherboard. 
instead they 'tightened' a loos wire. 
It also ha a big new scratch on the top cover. 
I start it up and it still ha the same problem I went in to fix. 
So i'm go back to geniu bar for visit #6. 
I think it may have to be 'appl don't care' instead of appl care. 
you get what you pay for, right? 
mac is complic and frustrat at moments. 
I watch tutori and that help somewhat but not enough. 
I should have known better. 
I hope you don't make the same mistake... 
when I first got the computer, I notic the track pad wa hard to click. 
I took my macbook to the appl store and they had to replac the batteri after 1 month of use sinc it wa swelling. 
they tri to tell me that the batteri wasn't cover by the warranti and it cost about $150 to replace. 
they end up not charg me. 
other than that batteri issu and the batteri life doe not last too long, i'm pretti happi with the computer. 
i'm a design turn front-end develop and thi comput is unus for front-end development. 
open photoshop take fooooooorrrever, a do all program that do not begin with an 'i'. 
the free upgrad to mountain lion failed. 
It tri to boot up and the screen just flash over and over and over again. 
befor and after I resolv that issue, I saw the damn 'beachball' all the time a the comput tri to figur out what the hell it' do while I wait for it. 
I spend so much time wait for it. 
I can't believ peopl like these computers. 
now that they are not viru free ([...]l) I see absolut no benefit to appl product a they are slower, more expensive, and do not last a long. 
don't wast your money. 
My HP seem great at first, then the problem started.....wireless adapt would just &quot;disappear&quot; and the system said it didn't have a network card. 
sometim it come back, sometim not. 
HP wa NO help. 
the letter wore off the keys, so you better be abl to type blind. 
the batteri last 12 months, then pffft.....gone. 
when I had a boot up issue, the HP recoveri didn't work. 
the disk I made wouldn't work.....hp support state &quot;we'r a hardwar company, not a softwar company.&quot; 
then there wa a power cord recall....hp never notifi us.....and we did register......nev again. 
I don't have the inclin or time to devot to a compani tech support, search functions, or hold times.....drop the HP and never look back. 
I gave thi product 5 star becaus I have been look for a macbook pro for a long time and I found it here for a wonder price. 
I have use thi product for onli 2 days, but I can't wait to use it more. 
I realli like mac/appl product becaus of their oper system. 
I can tweet and use facebook from the sidebar which is realli nice. 
I also like I have the option to push calendars, photos, and contact to an ipad, ipod touch, or iphon (if I had ani of those). 
the onli thing I have had troubl with so far is transfer music to itun which I would have like to do though &amp;#34;hom sharing&amp;#34; (I use itun on a comput separ from my linux computer) but I could not figur that out. 
I just end up use my ipod to transfer my itun music and I re-download my amazon music (lose my ratings). 
I have not tri game on it but I have heard that mac/appl doe not do game well. 
I plan on use my macbook pro for a long time. 
when I decid to buy my first computer, I wish I had bought a mac first. 
If the price doesn't deter you, you'll find it well worth it in term of trouble-fre operation. 
i'v had it for more than a year, and i'v found that no anti-viru softwar is needed, a long a you don't download anyth without be 100% sure that it' from a legitim source. 
from time to time I get the 'spin beach ball' that hold up progress. 
I can almost alway fix that quickli by click on the 'show all bookmarks' icon (the open book icon at the upper left). 
onc in a long while that doesn't work; in that case I turn the comput off, then on again, and sign in -- problem solved. 
i'll leav the more technic aspect to those more knowledg than myself, and just conclud by say that i'm delight with my purchase. 
receiv thi item and everyth is great except that my touchpad is reversed. 
To go left I have to go right and vice versa and to go up I have to go down. 
when I attach a mous it' fine but the touchpad is realli annoying. 
I went through the set and there isn't a way to fix it. 
it' a great laptop, but right now it' annoy to use the touchpad. 
